Toplam kelime say覺s覺: 18478
Tekil kelime say覺s覺: 4231

Kelime                   Frekans  Most Likely Tag
---------------------  ---------  -----------------
the                         1175  at
,                           1035  ,
.                            745  .
of                           539  in
to                           448  to
and                          415  cc
in                           367  in
a                            322  at
is                           209  bez
for                          173  in
that                         172  cs
on                           132  in
it                           127  pps
``                           126  ``
as                           121  cs
''                           120  ''
with                         111  in
;                             94  .
by                            90  in
at                            85  in
are                           82  ber
this                          81  dt
not                           80  *
was                           79  bedz
be                            79  be
--                            76  --
from                          74  in
has                           74  hvz
which                         71  wdt
he                            69  pps
or                            68  cc
an                            67  at
all                           63  abn
but                           61  cc
have                          61  hv
we                            60  ppss
i                             57  ppss
his                           56  pp$
will                          55  md
were                          54  bed
they                          53  ppss
:                             49  :
had                           49  hvd
more                          48  ap
its                           47  pp$
(                             45  (
)                             45  )
who                           43  wps
one                           41  cd
u.s.                          40  np
new                           38  jj
up                            36  rp
than                          36  in
?                             36  .
if                            35  cs
been                          35  ben
would                         34  md
their                         34  pp$
other                         32  ap
what                          32  wdt
may                           32  md
about                         31  in
into                          31  in
our                           31  pp$
president                     30  nn-tl
out                           29  rp
there                         29  ex
no                            29  at
congo                         29  np
man                           27  nn
government                    27  nn
any                           27  dti
only                          27  rb
library                       27  nn
system                        27  nn
these                         26  dts
many                          25  ap
per                           25  in
time                          24  nn
can                           24  md
do                            24  do
book                          23  nn
kennedy                       22  np
some                          22  dti
world                         22  nn
libraries                     22  nns
most                          21  ap
so                            21  ql
public                        21  nn
american                      20  jj
years                         20  nns
each                          20  dt
cent                          20  nn
such                          20  jj
belgians                      20  nps
him                           19  ppo
when                          19  wrb
us                            19  ppo
bonds                         19  nns
also                          18  rb
first                         18  od
over                          18  rp
much                          18  ap
keys                          18  np
now                           17  rb
however                       17  wrb
get                           17  vb
state                         17  nn
food                          17  nn
them                          17  ppo
life                          17  nn
war                           17  nn
like                          16  cs
said                          16  vbd
under                         16  in
too                           16  ql
interest                      16  nn
mr.                           15  np
those                         15  dts
two                           15  cd
great                         15  jj
army                          15  nn-tl
headquarters                  15  nn
people                        15  nns
cholesterol                   15  nn
foreign                       14  jj
last                          14  ap
nations                       14  nns
plane                         14  nn
being                         14  beg
enough                        14  ap
after                         14  cs
because                       14  cs
result                        14  nn
since                         14  in
might                         14  md
well                          14  rb
then                          14  rb
says                          14  vbz
leadership                    14  nn
coal                          14  nn
united                        13  vbn-tl
took                          13  vbd
still                         13  rb
did                           13  dod
even                          13  rb
how                           13  wrb
independence                  13  nn
schools                       13  nns
political                     13  jj
death                         13  nn
fats                          13  nns
u.n.                          12  np
through                       12  in
see                           12  vb
service                       12  nn
day                           12  nn
must                          12  md
york                          12  np-tl
country                       12  nn
year                          12  nn
teachers                      12  nns
market                        12  nn
fact                          12  nn
very                          12  ql
months                        12  nns
1960                          12  cd
countries                     12  nns
dr.                           12  nn-tl
week                          11  nn
international                 11  jj
off                           11  rp
until                         11  cs
my                            11  pp$
college                       11  nn
while                         11  cs
americans                     11  nps
own                           11  jj
say                           11  vb
central                       11  jj
should                        11  md
montgomery                    11  np
turnpike                      11  nn-tl
textile                       11  nn
heart                         11  nn
congolese                     11  nps
high                          10  jj
both                          10  abx
economic                      10  jj
down                          10  rp
made                          10  vbn
four                          10  cd
know                          10  vb
large                         10  jj
around                        10  rb
others                        10  nns
far                           10  ql
every                         10  at
local                         10  jj
where                         10  wrb
need                          10  vb
hope                          10  nn
!                             10  .
same                          10  ap
common                        10  jj-tl
1961                          10  cd
states                        10  nns-tl
end                           10  nn
she                           10  pps
turnpikes                     10  nns
traffic                       10  nn
british                       10  jj
lumumba                       10  np
important                      9  jj
'                              9  '
hours                          9  nns
take                           9  vb
put                            9  vbd
here                           9  rb
men                            9  nns
west                           9  nr-tl
between                        9  in
members                        9  nns
senate                         9  nn-tl
million                        9  cd
collection                     9  nn
education                      9  nn
part                           9  nn
cannot                         9  md*
find                           9  vb
teaching                       9  vbg
you                            9  ppss
troops                         9  nns
does                           9  doz
revenues                       9  nns
during                         9  in
confrontation                  9  nn-tl
blood                          9  nn
fat                            9  nn
reason                         8  nn
think                          8  vb
could                          8  md
three                          8  cd
early                          8  jj
military                       8  jj
nation                         8  nn
history                        8  nn
passed                         8  vbd
eat                            8  vb
late                           8  jj
nearly                         8  rb
help                           8  vb
area                           8  nn
member                         8  nn
among                          8  in
times                          8  nns-tl
society                        8  nn
western                        8  jj-tl
good                           8  jj
industry                       8  nn
article                        8  nn
britain                        8  np
called                         8  vbn
4                              8  cd
news                           8  nn
march                          8  np
editorial                      8  nn
necessary                      8  jj
toll-road                      8  nn
february                       8  np
propaganda                     8  nn
belgian                        8  jj
problems                       7  nns
personal                       7  jj
issue                          7  nn
just                           7  rb
way                            7  nn
before                         7  cs
el                             7  np
paso                           7  np
come                           7  vb
toward                         7  in
go                             7  vb
kind                           7  nn
big                            7  jj
look                           7  vb
house                          7  nn-tl
order                          7  nn
never                          7  rb
problem                        7  nn
face                           7  vb
community                      7  nn
either                         7  cc
become                         7  vb
nassau                         7  np
today                          7  nr
program                        7  nn
available                      7  jj
without                        7  in
major                          7  jj
knowledge                      7  nn
science                        7  nn
books                          7  nns
upon                           7  in
able                           7  jj
children                       7  nns
bring                          7  vb
already                        7  rb
america                        7  np
rather                         7  in
am                             7  bem
pay                            7  vb
make                           7  vb
12                             7  cd
another                        7  dt
me                             7  ppo
katanga                        7  np
mercenaries                    7  nns
pope                           7  np
having                         7  hvg
louis                          7  np
little                         7  ap
clerfayt                       7  np
higher                         7  jjr
point                          7  nn
leader                         7  nn
conference                     7  nn
investors                      7  nns
costs                          7  nns
though                         6  cs
support                        6  nn
sent                           6  vbd
himself                        6  ppl
hoped                          6  vbd
province                       6  nn
nothing                        6  pn
later                          6  rbr
saw                            6  vbd
happened                       6  vbd
wanted                         6  vbd
pilot                          6  nn
got                            6  vbd
force                          6  fw-nn-tl
thought                        6  vbd
group                          6  nn
perhaps                        6  rb
left                           6  vbn
right                          6  jj
administration                 6  nn-tl
provide                        6  vb
health                         6  nn
activities                     6  nns
human                          6  jj
individual                     6  jj
turn                           6  vb
least                          6  ap
whose                          6  wp$
wants                          6  vbz
small                          6  jj
systems                        6  nns
plan                           6  nn
county                         6  nn
given                          6  vbn
seems                          6  vbz
set                            6  vbn
further                        6  jjr
number                         6  nn
example                        6  nn
reference                      6  nn
present                        6  jj
although                       6  cs
use                            6  nn
read                           6  vb
national                       6  jj
weight                         6  nn
atlantic                       6  jj-tl
price                          6  nn
university                     6  nn-tl
modern                         6  jj
case                           6  nn
fight                          6  vb
1                              6  cd
it's                           6  pps+bez
period                         6  nn
remarque's                     6  np$
de                             6  np
automobile                     6  nn
racing                         6  nn
something                      6  pn
form                           6  nn
cause                          6  vb
attack                         6  nn
peace                          6  nn-tl
russia                         6  np
roads                          6  nns
toll                           6  nn
despite                        6  in
hodges                         6  np
exports                        6  nns
products                       6  nns
run                            6  vb
press                          6  nn
sir                            6  np
calories                       6  nns
artery                         6  nn
talking                        5  vbg
john                           5  np
report                         5  nn
received                       5  vbd
forces                         5  nns
whole                          5  jj
2                              5  cd-tl
apparently                     5  rb
along                          5  rb
lines                          5  nns
away                           5  rb
africa                         5  np-tl
robert                         5  np
long                           5  jj
five                           5  cd
minutes                        5  nns
a.m.                           5  rb
paid                           5  vbn
hand                           5  nn
air                            5  nn-tl
again                          5  rb
tell                           5  vb
your                           5  pp$
company                        5  nn-tl
else                           5  rb
found                          5  vbd
throughout                     5  in
total                          5  nn
beardens                       5  nps
show                           5  vb
business                       5  nn
several                        5  ap
few                            5  ap
back                           5  rb
strength                       5  nn
money                          5  nn
services                       5  nns
clear                          5  jj
place                          5  nn
knows                          5  vbz
don't                          5  do*
city                           5  nn-tl
situation                      5  nn
governments                    5  nns
annual                         5  jj
resources                      5  nns
basis                          5  nn
population                     5  nn
act                            5  vb
join                           5  vb
autonomy                       5  nn
librarians                     5  nns
certain                        5  jj
itself                         5  ppl
east                           5  nr-tl
age                            5  nn
better                         5  jjr
reading                        5  nn
days                           5  nns
quality                        5  nn
needed                         5  vbn
bad                            5  jj
average                        5  nn
increases                      5  nns
getting                        5  vbg
lead                           5  vb
done                           5  vbn
europe                         5  np
matter                         5  nn
july                           5  np
14                             5  cd-tl
portago                        5  np
yet                            5  rb
die                            5  vb
often                          5  rb
calls                          5  vbz
believes                       5  vbz
less                           5  ap
road                           5  nn
net                            5  nn
income                         5  nn
earnings                       5  nns
half                           5  abn
textiles                       5  nns
let                            5  vb
whether                        5  cs
n.c.                           5  np
sr                             5  nn
corps                          5  nn-tl
psychological                  5  jj
kasavubu                       5  np
tshombe                        5  np
eating                         5  vbg
milk                           5  nn
foods                          5  nns
disease                        5  nn
obesity                        5  nn
appestat                       5  nn
concerned                      4  vbn
khrushchev                     4  np
question                       4  nn
washington                     4  np
message                        4  nn
held                           4  vbd
secretary                      4  nn-tl
purpose                        4  nn
progress                       4  nn
conferences                    4  nns
ever                           4  rb
general                        4  jj
clearly                        4  rb
larger                         4  jjr
affairs                        4  nns
talk                           4  vb
los                            4  np-tl
707                            4  cd
continental                    4  jj-tl
crew                           4  nn
six                            4  cd
attention                      4  nn
twenty                         4  cd
hold                           4  vb
against                        4  in
rickards                       4  np
old                            4  jj
recently                       4  rb
board                          4  nn
volunteers                     4  nns
fully                          4  rb
armed                          4  vbn
trade                          4  nn
texas                          4  np-tl
learned                        4  vbn
bearden                        4  np
began                          4  vbd
second                         4  od
cars                           4  nns
p.m.                           4  rb
crosby                         4  np
live                           4  vb
going                          4  vbg
budget                         4  nn
thus                           4  rb
included                       4  vbd
expected                       4  vbn
action                         4  nn
white                          4  jj-tl
bill                           4  nn
course                         4  nn
beyond                         4  in
behind                         4  in
buy                            4  vb
readers                        4  nns
severe                         4  jj
co-operative                   4  jj
access                         4  nn
according                      4  in
person                         4  nn
dollars                        4  nns
divided                        4  vbn
entire                         4  jj
economy                        4  nn
recent                         4  jj
primary                        4  jj
together                       4  rb
children's                     4  nns$
themselves                     4  ppls
relations                      4  nns
reports                        4  vbz
citizen                        4  nn
continuing                     4  vbg
reasons                        4  nns
stop                           4  vb
give                           4  vb
power                          4  nn
appeal                         4  vb
sovereignty                    4  nn
once                           4  rb
imports                        4  nns
widespread                     4  jj
date                           4  nn
school                         4  nn
full                           4  jj
looking                        4  vbg
england                        4  np
possible                       4  jj
indonesia                      4  np-tl
novel                          4  nn
driving                        4  vbg
failure                        4  nn
quite                          4  ql
her                            4  pp$
race-drivers                   4  nns
unable                         4  jj
unity                          4  nn
true                           4  jj
remarkable                     4  jj
writing                        4  vbg
rates                          4  nns
prices                         4  nns
hit                            4  vbn
note                           4  nn
improvement                    4  nn
highway                        4  nn
rate                           4  nn
kansas                         4  np-tl
deficiency                     4  nn
troubles                       4  nns
staff                          4  nn
fiat                           4  np
olivetti                       4  np
control                        4  vb
idea                           4  nn
certainly                      4  rb
month                          4  nn
11                             4  cd
interested                     4  vbn
felt                           4  vbd
godkin                         4  np-tl
lectures                       4  nns
colony                         4  nn
tribes                         4  nns
security                       4  nn-tl
patrice                        4  np
resolution                     4  nn
eggs                           4  nns
diet                           4  nn
coronary                       4  nn
protein                        4  nn
jolliffe                       4  np
body                           4  nn
fatty                          4  jj
involved                       3  vbn
president's                    3  nn$-tl
list                           3  nn
bizerte                        3  np
stevenson                      3  np
paris                          3  np
french                         3  nps
agree                          3  vb
tunisian                       3  jj
defense                        3  nn
france                         3  np
official                       3  nn
front                          3  nn
treasury                       3  nn-tl
douglas                        3  np
social                         3  jj
council                        3  nn-tl
attend                         3  vb
main                           3  jjs
chen                           3  np
firmly                         3  rb
admission                      3  nn
red                            3  jj-tl
china                          3  np
former                         3  ap
comes                          3  vbz
vote                           3  nn
effect                         3  nn
ago                            3  rb
always                         3  rb
willing                        3  jj
airport                        3  nn-tl
angeles                        3  np-tl
including                      3  in
phoenix                        3  np
airlines                       3  nns-tl
night                          3  nn
longer                         3  rbr
anyone                         3  pn
boy                            3  nn
cockpit                        3  nn
head                           3  nn
30                             3  cd
eastern                        3  jj-tl
havana                         3  np
told                           3  vbd
reach                          3  vb
ground                         3  nn
cuba                           3  np
hostages                       3  nns
works                          3  vbz
cleveland                      3  np
st.                            3  nn-tl
gilman                         3  np
border                         3  nn-tl
allowed                        3  vbn
fbi                            3  nn
proposed                       3  vbn
ordinarily                     3  rb
actually                       3  rb
officers                       3  nns
intention                      3  nn
informed                       3  vbn
impression                     3  nn
close                          3  rb
16                             3  cd
father                         3  nn
fired                          3  vbd
8                              3  cd
young                          3  jj
hard                           3  rb
charges                        3  nns
taking                         3  vbg
aside                          3  rb
pass                           3  vb
increased                      3  vbn
temporary                      3  jj
built                          3  vbn
funds                          3  nns
spent                          3  vbn
billion                        3  cd
extra                          3  jj
decided                        3  vbd
additional                     3  jj
long-range                     3  nn
smaller                        3  jjr
call                           3  vb
short                          3  jj
areas                          3  nns
government's                   3  nn$-tl
labor                          3  nn
opened                         3  vbd
building                       3  nn-tl
served                         3  vbn
daily                          3  rb
hear                           3  vb
librarian                      3  nn
i'm                            3  ppss+bem
sorry                          3  jj
child                          3  nn
salary                         3  nn
needs                          3  nns
movement                       3  nn
grow                           3  vb
share                          3  vb
offers                         3  vbz
serve                          3  vb
growing                        3  vbg
1950                           3  cd
creation                       3  nn
step                           3  nn
direction                      3  nn
1958                           3  cd
establish                      3  vb
amounts                        3  vbz
feel                           3  vb
likely                         3  jj
ways                           3  nns
within                         3  in
volumes                        3  nns
goal                           3  nn
grant                          3  nn
cents                          3  nns
operation                      3  nn
constant                       3  jj
adequate                       3  jj
subject                        3  nn
100                            3  cd
center                         3  nn
art                            3  nn
consultant                     3  nn
work                           3  nn
helping                        3  vbg
process                        3  nn
groups                         3  nns
film                           3  nn
programs                       3  nns
lists                          3  vbz
cut                            3  vb
north                          3  jj-tl
effective                      3  jj
means                          3  vbz
substance                      3  nn
objective                      3  nn
begin                          3  vb
especially                     3  rb
free                           3  jj
communist                      3  nn-tl
capacity                       3  nn
desire                         3  nn
consider                       3  vb
wisdom                         3  nn
written                        3  vbn
required                       3  vbn
critical                       3  jj
april                          3  np
tenure                         3  nn
thing                          3  nn
due                            3  jj
deal                           3  nn
loss                           3  nn
initiative                     3  nn
principle                      3  nn
negative                       3  jj
union                          3  nn
understand                     3  vb
path                           3  nn
merely                         3  rb
giving                         3  vbg
above                          3  in
hands                          3  nns
sense                          3  nn
markets                        3  nns
competition                    3  nn
asia                           3  np
communism                      3  nn-tl
professor                      3  nn
reserve                        3  nn
trained                        3  vbn
31                             3  cd
seven                          3  cd
liberty                        3  nn
exercise                       3  nn
reasonably                     3  rb
students                       3  nns
apart                          3  rb
fighting                       3  vbg
slogan                         3  nn
doesn't                        3  doz*
keep                           3  vb
name                           3  nn
5                              3  cd
alan                           3  np
court                          3  nn-tl
freedom                        3  nn
individuals                    3  nns
immediately                    3  rb
mention                        3  vb
dispute                        3  nn
eisenhower                     3  np
1957                           3  cd
race-driver                    3  nn
intelligent                    3  jj
conception                     3  nn
remarque                       3  np
techniques                     3  nns
whom                           3  wpo
technicians                    3  nns
twice                          3  rb
thinks                         3  vbz
miles                          3  nns
best                           3  jjt
technical                      3  jj
principal                      3  jjs
sort                           3  nn
field                          3  nn
really                         3  rb
care                           3  vb
10                             3  cd
heavy                          3  jj
particularly                   3  rb
equipment                      3  nn
alike                          3  rb
failed                         3  vbd
suffered                       3  vbn
wars                           3  nns
third                          3  od
events                         3  nns
reducing                       3  vbg
things                         3  nns
gaulle                         3  np
occasion                       3  nn
practice                       3  nn
holds                          3  vbz
shows                          3  vbz
improvements                   3  nns
trend                          3  nn
prospect                       3  nn
21                             3  cd
&                              3  cc-tl
yield                          3  nn
start                          3  vb
operating                      3  vbg
return                         3  nn
taxed                          3  vbn
couple                         3  nn
ending                         3  vbg
gains                          3  nns
brought                        3  vbd
road's                         3  nn$
payments                       3  nns
earned                         3  vbd
ended                          3  vbn
cover                          3  vb
frequently                     3  rb
feb.                           3  np
virginia                       3  np
companies                      3  nns
production                     3  nn
machinery                      3  nn
chief                          3  jjs
trouble                        3  nn
low-wage                       3  nn
specific                       3  jj
hong                           3  np
kong                           3  np
similar                        3  jj
restrictions                   3  nns
import                         3  nn
quotas                         3  nns
competing                      3  vbg
miners                         3  nns
welsh                          3  jj
mines                          3  nns
meant                          3  vbd
seemed                         3  vbd
column                         3  nn
facts                          3  nns-hl
complete                       3  jj
print                          3  vb
networks                       3  nns
evening                        3  nn
tv                             3  nn
radio                          3  nn
different                      3  jj
warfare                        3  nn
almost                         3  rb
snow                           3  np
advance                        3  nn
text                           3  nn
lindemann                      3  np
charles'                       3  np$
believe                        3  vb
insurance                      3  nn-tl
ration                         3  nn
hungry                         3  jj
meaning                        3  vbg
joseph                         3  np
favored                        3  vbd
moise                          3  np
provinces                      3  nns
appealed                       3  vbd
efforts                        3  nns
lbs.                           3  nns
vitamins                       3  nns
value                          3  nn
physiological                  3  jj
keys's                         3  np$
cancer                         3  nn
saturated                      3  vbn
diseases                       3  nns
room                           3  nn
caloric                        3  jj
appetite                       3  nn
alcohol                        3  nn
metrecal                       3  np
deposited                      3  vbn
molecule                       3  nn
hydrogens                      3  nns
f.                             2  np
primarily                      2  rb
berlin                         2  np
disarmament                    2  nn
adviser                        2  nn
key                            2  jjs
policy                         2  nn
detailed                       2  vbn
asked                          2  vbd
accept                         2  vb
withdrawing                    2  vbg
continue                       2  vb
conversations                  2  nns
invited                        2  vbd
weekend                        2  nn
no.                            2  nn-tl
ladgham                        2  np
seek                           2  vb
convinced                      2  vbd
positions                      2  nns
tunisia                        2  np
talks                          2  nns
sending                        2  vbg
meeting                        2  nn
discuss                        2  vb
kennedy's                      2  np$
alliance                       2  nn-tl
opposed                        2  vbd
equally                        2  ql
outer                          2  jj-tl
chinese                        2  jj
aid                            2  nn
mission                        2  nn
role                           2  nn
weeks                          2  nns
shall                          2  md
prepared                       2  vbn
listen                         2  vb
houston                        2  np
boeing                         2  np-tl
routine                        2  jj
25                             2  cd
san                            2  np
antonio                        2  np
flight                         2  nn-tl
passengers                     2  nns
berry                          2  np
accompanied                    2  vbn
stewardess                     2  nn
walking                        2  vbg
stomach                        2  nn
salvador                       2  np
palm                           2  nn-tl
calif.                         2  np
door                           2  nn
youth                          2  nn
carnegey                       2  np
veteran                        2  nn
story                          2  nn
hijacked                       2  vbd
rebels                         2  nns
land                           2  vb
pirates                        2  nns
7                              2  cd
guns                           2  nns
elder                          2  jjr
radioed                        2  vbd
didn't                         2  dod*
mccauley                       2  np
confusion                      2  nn
raised                         2  vbd
persons                        2  nns
chose                          2  vbd
casey                          2  np
fred                           2  np
mullen                         2  np
island                         2  nn-tl
truman                         2  np
patrol                         2  nn-tl
file                           2  vb
touched                        2  vbd
tower                          2  nn
suggestion                     2  nn
jet                            2  nn
aj                             2  nn
airplane                       2  nn
straight                       2  jj
castro                         2  np
taken                          2  vbn
kept                           2  vbd
dealing                        2  vbg
cuban                          2  jj
talked                         2  vbd
morning                        2  nn
wore                           2  vbd
blazing                        2  vbg
police                         2  nns
baggage                        2  nn
native                         2  jj
coolidge                       2  np
ariz.                          2  np
junior                         2  jj
strain                         2  nn
officer                        2  nn-tl
norman                         2  np
simmons                        2  np
gave                           2  vbd
killed                         2  vbn
tires                          2  nns
ten                            2  cd
surrounded                     2  vbd
ramp                           2  nn
unarmed                        2  jj
started                        2  vbd
chance                         2  nn
eye                            2  nn
across                         2  in
home                           2  nr
wife                           2  nn
muscle                         2  nn
capitol                        2  nn-tl
largest                        2  jjt
indicated                      2  vbd
instead                        2  rb
requested                      2  vbn
pentagon                       2  nn-tl
intended                       2  vbd
voice                          2  nn
farm                           2  nn
unhappily                      2  rb
voted                          2  vbd
welfare                        2  nn
debate                         2  nn
proposals                      2  nns
begun                          2  vbn
legislative                    2  jj
la                             2  fw-at
politicians                    2  nns
1851                           2  cd
wing                           2  nn
senators                       2  nns
ceased                         2  vbn
move                           2  vb
idaho                          2  np
menu                           2  nn
plain                          2  jj
citizenry                      2  nn
fiction                        2  nn
year's                         2  nn$
titles                         2  nns
adult                          2  nn
nonfiction                     2  nn
budgets                        2  nns
inadequate                     2  jj
percentage                     2  nn
meet                           2  vb
world's                        2  nn$
depend                         2  vb
patrons                        2  nns
supplement                     2  vb
parts                          2  nns
financial                      2  jj
probably                       2  rb
follow                         2  vb
marked                         2  vbn
organization                   2  nn
upper                          2  jj
organizations                  2  nns
types                          2  nns
existence                      2  nn
albany                         2  np
legislature                    2  nn
law                            2  nn
substantial                    2  jj
earlier                        2  jjr
difficulty                     2  nn
ones                           2  nns
established                    2  vbn
cooperative                    2  jj
sometimes                      2  rb
maintains                      2  vbz
wider                          2  jjr
membership                     2  nn
enthusiastic                   2  jj
100,000                        2  cd
organized                      2  vbn
existing                       2  vbg
serves                         2  vbz
universal                      2  jj
maximum                        2  jj
basic                          2  jj
heavily                        2  ql
settled                        2  vbn
serving                        2  vbg
doubled                        2  vbn
task                           2  nn
expansion                      2  nn
pressure                       2  nn
metropolitan                   2  jj-tl
nature                         2  nn
satisfy                        2  vb
currently                      2  rb
hempstead                      2  np
remainder                      2  nn
interlibrary                   2  jj
gets                           2  vbz
connected                      2  vbn
supply                         2  vb
carried                        2  vbn
chosen                         2  vbn
build                          2  vb
philosophy                     2  nn-tl
religion                       2  nn
biography                      2  nn
literature                     2  nn
strengthen                     2  vb
mail                           2  nn
enables                        2  vbz
operate                        2  vb
bought                         2  vbd
bulk                           2  nn
detail                         2  nn
films                          2  nns
catalogue                      2  nn
110                            2  cd
presently                      2  rb
suitable                       2  jj
adults                         2  nns
workshops                      2  nns
system's                       2  nn$
staffs                         2  nns
consequently                   2  rb
promote                        2  vb
methods                        2  nns
increasingly                   2  ql
threatening                    2  vbg
expand                         2  vb
boundaries                     2  nns
displays                       2  nns
material                       2  nn
monthly                        2  jj
trustees                       2  nns
women                          2  nns
depends                        2  vbz
destroy                        2  vb
educated                       2  vbn
limited                        2  vbn
lives                          2  nns
threaten                       2  vb
aspects                        2  nns
cultural                       2  jj
ourselves                      2  ppls
development                    2  nn
absorbed                       2  vbn
word                           2  nn
approximately                  2  rb
57                             2  cd
office                         2  nn-tl
aspect                         2  nn
add                            2  vb
practical                      2  jj
mentioned                      2  vbn
next                           2  ap
degree                         2  nn
master                         2  nn-tl
amazing                        2  jj
caused                         2  vbd
buyers                         2  nns
real                           2  jj
hence                          2  rb
considering                    2  in
follows                        2  vbz
expect                         2  vb
justice                        2  nn
chooses                        2  vbz
proposal                       2  nn
powers                         2  nns
contained                      2  vbd
conduct                        2  vb
brief                          2  nn
position                       2  nn
nov.                           2  np
18                             2  cd
difficult                      2  jj
towards                        2  in
neatly                         2  rb
relation                       2  nn
legal                          2  jj
entering                       2  vbg
institute                      2  nn-tl
thinking                       2  nn
magazine                       2  nn
johnston                       2  np
entitled                       2  vbn
traditionally                  2  rb
values                         2  nns
authority                      2  nn
planners                       2  nns
savage                         2  jj
lose                           2  vb
decline                        2  nn
solution                       2  nn
von                            2  np
realistic                      2  jj
depreciation                   2  nn
sound                          2  jj
compete                        2  vb
worry                          2  vb
want                           2  vb
conservatism                   2  nn
pages                          2  nns
selling                        2  vbg
november                       2  np
removed                        2  vbd
1954                           2  cd
active                         2  jj
duty                           2  nn
spite                          2  nn
massachusetts                  2  np-tl
sp                             2  nn
equivalent                     2  jj
initial                        2  jj
induction                      2  nn
michael's                      2  np$-tl
leaving                        2  vbg
graduate                       2  jj
boston                         2  np-tl
added                          2  vbn
makes                          2  vbz
possibility                    2  nn
recall                         2  vb
regard                         2  nn
inevitably                     2  rb
causes                         2  nns
reasonable                     2  jj
fair                           2  jj
black                          2  jj
jacket                         2  nn
street                         2  nn
gone                           2  vbn
term                           2  nn
honor                          2  nn
hessian                        2  jj
willy-nilly                    2  rb
un                             2  nn
lafayette                      2  np-tl
flying                         2  vbg-tl
what's                         2  wdt+bez
suggest                        2  vb
excellent                      2  jj
anti-communist                 2  jj
lawrence                       2  np
fighters                       2  nns
save                           2  vb
sentence                       2  nn-tl
sukarno                        2  np
clemency                       2  nn
friend                         2  nn
anything                       2  pn
committee                      2  nn-tl
acts                           2  nns
analogy                        2  nn
liberals                       2  nns-tl
doing                          2  vbg
capet                          2  np
june                           2  np
3                              2  cd
strong                         2  jj
parliament                     2  nn-tl
completely                     2  ql
revolution                     2  nn-tl
truly                          2  ql
choose                         2  vb
character                      2  nn
absolute                       2  jj
le                             2  fw-at
divine                         2  jj
based                          2  vbn
marquis                        2  np
spanish                        2  jj
died                           2  vbd
achieved                       2  vbn
heaven                         2  nn-tl
favorites                      2  nns-tl
sport                          2  nn
record                         2  nn
occupation                     2  nn
woman                          2  nn
recovery                       2  nn
treatment                      2  nn
love-making                    2  nn
author                         2  nn
drawn                          2  vbn
obviously                      2  rb
demonstrate                    2  vb
describes                      2  vbz
indeed                         2  rb
records                        2  nns
saying                         2  vbg
car                            2  nn
parked                         2  vbd
absurdity                      2  nn
concern                        2  nn
cliche                         2  nn
auto                           2  nn
tomorrow                       2  nr
engine                         2  nn
italian                        2  jj
expressed                      2  vbn
greatest                       2  jjt
errors                         2  nns
german                         2  jj-tl
mao                            2  np
stands                         2  vbz
democracy                      2  nn
christianity                   2  np
christians                     2  nps
respectable                    2  jj
russians                       2  nps
tom                            2  np
unprepared                     2  jj
tasks                          2  nns
places                         2  nns
blame                          2  vb
faulty                         2  jj
quantity                       2  nn
japanese                       2  nps
determined                     2  vbn
surprised                      2  vbn
suspicions                     2  nns
monty                          2  np
previous                       2  jj
reluctant                      2  jj
confidence                     2  nn
japan                          2  np
influence                      2  nn
nato                           2  nn
effort                         2  nn
withdraw                       2  vb
leaders                        2  nns
conviction                     2  nn
rises                          2  nns
plans                          2  nns
ruthless                       2  jj
churchill                      2  np
theory                         2  nn
scene                          2  nn
direct                         2  jj
reader                         2  nn
seen                           2  vbn
produce                        2  vb
current                        2  jj
shape                          2  nn
otherwise                      2  rb
singer                         2  nn
lanza                          2  np
living                         2  vbg
royal                          2  jj-tl
albert                         2  np-tl
thousands                      2  nns
accommodate                    2  vb
sure                           2  jj
numerous                       2  jj
critic                         2  nn
holders                        2  nns
finding                        2  vbg
long-term                      2  nn
upward                         2  rb
regarded                       2  vbd
tax-exempt                     2  jj
standard                       2  jj-tl
balance                        2  nn
three-month                    2  jj
tax-free                       2  jj
risk                           2  nn
evidence                       2  nn
page                           2  nn
offered                        2  vbn
happening                      2  vbg
winter                         2  nn
compared                       2  vbn
rise                           2  vb
preceding                      2  vbg
illinois                       2  np-tl
success                        2  nn
cases                          2  nns
connections                    2  nns
tolls                          2  nns
study                          2  nn
requirements                   2  nns
meanwhile                      2  rb
appears                        2  vbz
eight                          2  cd
typical                        2  jj
picture                        2  nn
learn                          2  vb
top                            2  jjs
maker                          2  nn
turin                          2  np
plant                          2  nn
supplied                       2  vbn
marshall                       2  np-tl
combination                    2  nn
special                        2  jj
underwood                      2  np
wages                          2  nns
near                           2  in
competitive                    2  jj
significant                    2  jj
businessmen                    2  nns
dumping                        2  nn
textile-producing              2  jj
curbing                        2  vbg
india                          2  np
limiting                       2  vbg
none                           2  pn
capture                        2  vb
modernization                  2  nn
terms                          2  nns
workers                        2  nns
seem                           2  vb
research                       2  nn-tl
favor                          2  vb
wall                           2  nn
cheap                          2  jj
water                          2  vb
steel                          2  nn-tl
wales                          2  np-tl
delivered                      2  vbn
seams                          2  nns
sell                           2  vb
mar.                           2  np
relationship                   2  nn
affects                        2  vbz
spread                         2  vb
piece                          2  nn
personally                     2  rb
congratulations                2  nns
editor's                       2  nn$
communicate                    2  vb
l.                             2  np
english                        2  np-tl
king                           2  nn-tl
james                          2  np
version                        2  nn
interpretation                 2  nn-tl
stereotype                     2  nn
reporting                      2  nn
opinion                        2  nn
protection                     2  nn
media                          2  nns
accepted                       2  vbn
method                         2  nn
senator                        2  nn-tl
destroyed                      2  vbd
reporters                      2  nns
communicating                  2  vbg
abuse                          2  nn
southern                       2  jj-tl
california                     2  np-tl
blackout                       2  nn
devote                         2  vb
middle                         2  nn
half-hour                      2  nn
tapes                          2  nns
questions                      2  nns
edited                         2  vbn
snatches                       2  nns
stations                       2  nns
wrote                          2  vbd
independent                    2  jj
various                        2  jj
lloyd's                        2  np$-tl
neck                           2  nn-tl
canada                         2  np
attended                       2  vbd
teach                          2  vb
association                    2  nn-tl
published                      2  vbn
c.                             2  np
p.                             2  np
judgment                       2  nn
copy                           2  nn
submits                        2  vbz
publication                    2  nn
harvard                        2  np-tl
snow's                         2  np$
watson-watt's                  2  np$
rebuttal                       2  nn
allowing                       2  vbg
excerpt                        2  nn
leaves                         2  vbz
falsehoods                     2  nns
unclear                        2  jj
conclusion                     2  nn
inside                         2  rb
1885                           2  cd
ethnic                         2  jj
groupings                      2  nns
13.5                           2  cd
contain                        2  vb
administered                   2  vbd
1908                           2  cd
paternalism                    2  nn
rich                           2  jj
copper                         2  nn-tl
brussels                       2  np
african                        2  jj
employes                       2  nns
medical                        2  jj-tl
emphasis                       2  nn
drop                           2  vb
detested                       2  vbd
parties                        2  nns
kasai                          2  np-tl
opportunity                    2  nn
premier                        2  nn
quickly                        2  rb
assume                         2  vb
internal                       2  jj-tl
publique                       2  fw-jj-tl
tribesmen                      2  nns
dispatched                     2  vbd
announced                      2  vbd
seceded                        2  vbn
became                         2  vbd
secretary-general              2  nn-tl
assistance                     2  nn
october                        2  np
mobutu                         2  np
civil                          2  jj
prevent                        2  vb
urged                          2  vbd
gluttons                       2  nns
somehow                        2  rb
overweight                     2  jj
processing                     2  nn
stores                         2  nns
cocktail                       2  nn
scientists                     2  nns
physiologist                   2  nn-tl
minneapolis                    2  np
500,000                        2  cd
eaten                          2  vbn
attacks                        2  nns
worries                        2  vbz
dangerous                      2  jj
contains                       2  vbz
diabetes                       2  nn
meat                           2  nn
damages                        2  vbz
arteries                       2  nns
malnutrition                   2  nn
tropical                       2  jj
kills                          2  vbz
20                             2  cd
excess                         2  jj
damage                         2  vb
moderate                       2  jj
physical                       2  jj
body's                         2  nn$
oz.                            2  nn
drinker                        2  nn
permanently                    2  rb
frustration                    2  nn
feeling                        2  nn
accounts                       2  vbz
varieties                      2  nns
bile                           2  nn
solid                          2  nn
formation                      2  nn
cells                          2  nns
liver                          2  nn
molecules                      2  nns
deposits                       2  nns
flow                           2  nn
vegetable                      2  nn
radically                      2  ql
animal                         2  nn
mono-unsaturated               2  jj
poly-unsaturated               2  jj
presidency                     1  nn-hl
listening                      1  vbg
crucial                        1  jj
mccloy's                       1  np$
unexpected                     1  jj
enthusiasm                     1  nn
reliance                       1  nn
diplomacy                      1  nn
priority                       1  nn
thorny                         1  jj
ambassador                     1  nn-tl
adlai                          1  np
returned                       1  vbn
search                         1  vb
face-saving                    1  jj
tunis                          1  np
imbroglio                      1  nn
ideally                        1  rb
status                         1  nn
quo                            1  fw-wdt
ante                           1  rb
timetable                      1  nn
mediterranean                  1  np
base                           1  nn
range                          1  nn
cape                           1  nn-tl
cod                            1  nn-tl
discussed                      1  vbd
deadlock                       1  nn
minister                       1  nn-tl
bahi                           1  np
flew                           1  vbd
conversation                   1  nn
irreconcilable                 1  jj
habib                          1  np
bourguiba                      1  np
side                           1  nn
picks                          1  vbz
phone                          1  nn
latin                          1  jj
dillon                         1  np
uruguay                        1  np
inter-american                 1  jj
originally                     1  rb
nationalist                    1  jj-tl
china's                        1  np$
dapper                         1  jj
diminutive                     1  jj
vice                           1  jj-tl
cheng                          1  np
assured                        1  vbd
chiang                         1  np
kai-shek's                     1  np$
emissary                       1  nn
adamant                        1  jj
opposition                     1  nn
mongolia                       1  np-tl
woo                            1  vb
peking                         1  np
moscow                         1  np
promise                        1  vb
abstention                     1  nn
mongolia's                     1  np$
conferred                      1  vbd
emissaries                     1  nns
guatemala                      1  np
nepal                          1  np
seeking                        1  vbg
trusted                        1  vbn
brother                        1  nn
attorney                       1  nn-tl
good-will                      1  nn
ivory                          1  nn-tl
coast                          1  nn-tl
playing                        1  vbg
practicing                     1  vbg
preached                       1  vbd
declared                       1  vbd
crime                          1  nn-hl
skyjacked                      1  vbn
four-jet                       1  jj
flies                          1  vbz
stopovers                      1  nns
night-coach                    1  nn
54                             1  cd-tl
11:30                          1  cd
schedule                       1  nn
1:35                           1  cd
thirty-one                     1  cd
hardly                         1  rb
65                             1  cd
teen-age                       1  jj
aboard                         1  rb
3:57                           1  cd
passenger                      1  nn
advertising                    1  vbg
glanced                        1  vbd
aisle                          1  nn
bent                           1  vbn
figured                        1  vbd
sick                           1  jj
farmer                         1  nn
desert                         1  nn-tl
sitting                        1  vbg
trio                           1  nn
entered                        1  vbd
kid                            1  nn
automatic                      1  jj
fellow                         1  nn
lois                           1  np
capt.                          1  nn-tl
byron                          1  np
d.                             1  np
52-year-old                    1  jj
mid-flight                     1  nn
1930                           1  cd
peruvian                       1  jj
ford                           1  np
tri-motor                      1  nn
arequipa                       1  np
week's                         1  nn$
cuban-american                 1  np
electra                        1  np
newsweek                       1  np
aug.                           1  np
stalling                       1  vbg-hl
skyjackers                     1  nns
carry                          1  vb
fuel                           1  nn
refuel                         1  vb
jerry                          1  np
sacramento                     1  np
recruits                       1  nns
awoke                          1  vbd
nap                            1  nn
came                           1  vbd
nut                            1  nn
recruiter                      1  nn
volunteer                      1  vb
jack                           1  np
mercer                         1  np-tl
wash.                          1  np
pfc.                           1  np
augustine                      1  np
fla.                           1  np
leonard                        1  np
boxer                          1  nn
immigration                    1  nn-tl
everybody                      1  pn
4:18                           1  cd
welcoming                      1  vbg
policemen                      1  nns
sheriff's                      1  nn$
deputies                       1  nns
surged                         1  vbd
rifles                         1  nns
submachine                     1  jj
conspired                      1  vbd
delay                          1  vb
fuels                          1  vbz
consumed                       1  vbn
tried                          1  vbd
persuade                       1  vb
pair                           1  nn
swap                           1  vb
propeller-driven               1  jj
letting                        1  vbg
hijackers                      1  nns
orders                         1  nns
followers                      1  nns
cuba's                         1  np$
fidel                          1  np
attempt                        1  nn
steal                          1  vb
touch                          1  nn
telephone                      1  nn
plot                           1  nn
invoking                       1  vbg
embargo                        1  nn
sun                            1  nn
wiped                          1  vbd
shadows                        1  nns
franklin                       1  np-tl
mountains                      1  nns-tl
pry                            1  vb
compartment                    1  nn
luggage                        1  nn
cubans                         1  nps
subsequently                   1  rb
identified                     1  vbn
leon                           1  np
50-year-old                    1  jj
ex-convict                     1  nn
son                            1  nn
cody                           1  np
high-school                    1  nn
tension                        1  nn-hl
heat                           1  nn
accident                       1  nn
mean                           1  vb
slug                           1  nn
legs                           1  nns
7:30                           1  cd
landing                        1  vbg
ultimatum                      1  nn
cleared                        1  vbd
take-off                       1  nn
captain                        1  nn-tl
taxiing                        1  vbg
runway                         1  nn
loaded                         1  vbn
raced                          1  vbd
alongside                      1  rb
slugs                          1  nns
flattened                      1  vbd
silenced                       1  vbd
inboard                        1  jj
engines                        1  nns
slowed                         1  vbd
halt                           1  nn
ambulances                     1  nns
trucks                         1  nns
12:50                          1  cd
rolled                         1  vbn
agent                          1  nn
francis                        1  np
fast                           1  rb
eased                          1  vbd
distracted                     1  vbd
stewardesses                   1  nns
toni                           1  np
besset                         1  np
dropped                        1  vbd
rear                           1  jj
patrolman                      1  nn-tl
pistol                         1  nn
hip                            1  nn
pocket                         1  nn
caught                         1  vbd
simmons'                       1  np$
nodded                         1  vbd
swung                          1  vbd
jumped                         1  vbd
frog-marched                   1  vbn
1:48                           1  cd
bail                           1  nn
$100,000                       1  nns
kidnapping                     1  vbg
transporting                   1  vbg
stolen                         1  vbn
reportedly                     1  rb
peddle                         1  vb
36-year-old                    1  nn
mary                           1  np
jobs                           1  nns
congress                       1  np-hl
precedence                     1  nn
legislation                    1  nn
hill                           1  nn-tl
moved                          1  vbd
unaccustomed                   1  jj
speed                          1  nn
unanimity                      1  nn
85                             1  cd
0                              1  cd
peacetime                      1  nn
225,000                        1  cd
uniform                        1  nn
160,000                        1  cd
hold-back                      1  nn
mutterers                      1  nns
labeled                        1  vbd
expedient                      1  nn
insure                         1  vb
gradually                      1  rb
prudently                      1  rb
signed                         1  vbd
check                          1  nn
$46.7                          1  nns
$3.5                           1  nns
tacked                         1  vbd
$754                           1  nns
b-52                           1  nn
bombers                        1  nns
strategic                      1  jj-tl
command                        1  nn-tl
appropriation                  1  nn
urgent                         1  jj
congressional                  1  jj-tl
224-170                        1  cd
compromise                     1  nn
sign                           1  vb
$5.2                           1  nns
finance                        1  vb
all-important                  1  jj
foreign-aid                    1  nn
controversial                  1  jj
floor                          1  nn
aides                          1  nns
confident                      1  jj
intact                         1  jj
stew                           1  nn
mulligatawny                   1  np-hl
hog                            1  nn
poor-mouth                     1  rb
lowliest                       1  jjt
voter                          1  nn
restaurant                     1  nn
grumble                        1  vb
improve                        1  vb
enlivened                      1  vbn
chiefly                        1  rb
disputes                       1  nns
relative                       1  jj
merits                         1  nns
maine                          1  np
potatoes                       1  nns
pursued                        1  vbn
drab                           1  jj
all-american                   1  jj
voters                         1  nns
occasionally                   1  rb
introduced                     1  vbd
smelts                         1  nns
michigan                       1  np
soft-shell                     1  nn
crabs                          1  nns
maryland                       1  np
oysters                        1  nns
grapefruit                     1  nn
florida                        1  np
bean                           1  nn
soup                           1  nn
century                        1  nn
insistence                     1  nn
sen.                           1  nn-tl
dubois                         1  np
senate's                       1  np$
daring                         1  vbg
stroke                         1  nn
ventured                       1  vbd
forth                          1  rb
haute                          1  fw-jj
cuisine                        1  fw-nn
hired                          1  vbd
$10,000-per-year               1  nns
french-born                    1  jj
maitre                         1  fw-nn
d'hotel                        1  fw-in+nn
borrower                       1  nn
taste                          1  nn
goes                           1  vbz
five-cent                      1  jj
rentals                        1  nns
apologetically                 1  rb
wouldn't                       1  md*
demand                         1  nn
afraid                         1  jj
reply                          1  nn
variations                     1  nns
ever-present                   1  jj
smallest                       1  jjt
grist                          1  nn
15,000                         1  cd
lovers                         1  nns
clientele                      1  nn
incredibly                     1  ql
diversified                    1  vbn
pitifully                      1  rb
hopelessly                     1  rb
startlingly                    1  ql
exceed                         1  vb
$500                           1  nns
annually                       1  rb
includes                       1  vbz
librarian's                    1  nn$
richest                        1  jjt
plight                         1  nn
proportionately                1  ql
worse                          1  jjr
confronted                     1  vbn
endure                         1  vb
limitations                    1  nns
bounty                         1  nn
whereby                        1  wrb
county-wide                    1  jj
regional                       1  jj
advanced                       1  vbn
developed                      1  vbn
model                          1  nn
contrasts                      1  nns
density                        1  nn
cross-section                  1  nn
extreme                        1  nn
counties                       1  nns
combine                        1  vb
sparsely                       1  rb
populated                      1  vbn
newly                          1  rb
formed                         1  vbn
high-density                   1  nn
ample                          1  jj
rapidly                        1  rb
territory                      1  nn
financed                       1  vbn
matching                       1  vbg
thriving                       1  vbg
grants                         1  nns
overcome                       1  vbn
making                         1  vbg
fit                            1  vbn
boards                         1  nns
wary                           1  jj
well-stocked                   1  jj
demands                        1  nns
cherish                        1  vb
resist                         1  vb
joining                        1  vbg
radical                        1  jj
older                          1  jjr
preserved                      1  vbn
responsibility                 1  nn
facilities                     1  nns
cost                           1  nn
obvious                        1  jj
advantages                     1  nns
95                             1  cd
foresee                        1  vb
distant                        1  jj
belong                         1  vb
co-op                          1  nn
requires                       1  vbz
nucleus                        1  nn
develops                       1  vbz
differently                    1  rb
pool                           1  vb
efficiency                     1  nn
thirty                         1  cd
incentive                      1  nn
provides                       1  vbz
fifty                          1  cd
capita                         1  nns
spends                         1  vbz
suburb                         1  nn
credited                       1  vbn
figure                         1  nn
virtue                         1  nn
variety                        1  nn
size                           1  nn
inclusive                      1  jj
view                           1  nn
recognizes                     1  vbz
broaden                        1  vb
growth                         1  nn
specialized                    1  vbn
everyday                       1  jj
afford                         1  vb
materials                      1  nns
1965                           1  cd
designated                     1  vbn
centers                        1  nns
tools                          1  nns
backbone                       1  nn
specialization                 1  nn
technology                     1  nn
weakness                       1  nn
microfilm                      1  nn
founding                       1  vbg
bound                          1  vbn
periodicals                    1  nns
loans                          1  nns
requests                       1  nns
teletype                       1  nn
truck                          1  nn
canvas                         1  nn
bags                           1  nns
demonstrated                   1  vbn
particular                     1  jj
meadow                         1  nn-tl
psychology                     1  nn
freeport                       1  np
houses                         1  vbz
pure                           1  jj
language                       1  nn
centered                       1  vbn
levittown                      1  np
applied                        1  vbn
hewlett-woodmere               1  np
repository                     1  nn
music                          1  nn
languages                      1  nns
coordinator                    1  nn
cooperation                    1  nn
wholly                         1  ql
lending                        1  vbg
quarter-century                1  nn
comprehensive                  1  jj
saves                          1  vbz
tax                            1  nn
buys                           1  vbz
obtain                         1  vb
discounts                      1  nns
passes                         1  vbz
savings                        1  nns
saved                          1  vbn
bookkeeping                    1  nn
clerical                       1  jj
billing                        1  nn
resource                       1  nn
documentary                    1  nn
experimental                   1  jj
sponsor                        1  vb
communities                    1  nns
borrowed                       1  vbn
charge                         1  nn
separately                     1  rb
classics                       1  nns
nanook                         1  np-tl
emperor's                      1  nn$-tl
nightingale                    1  nn-tl
balloon                        1  nn-tl
conducted                      1  vbn
audio-visual                   1  jj
understands                    1  vbz
responsibilities               1  nns
experienced                    1  vbn
conducts                       1  nns
guidance                       1  nn
designed                       1  vbn
well-planned                   1  jj
cooperating                    1  vbg
frequent                       1  jj
visits                         1  nns
juvenile                       1  nn
book-review                    1  nn
book-selection                 1  nn
purchasing                     1  nn
selection                      1  nn
sample                         1  nn
copies                         1  nns
display                        1  nn
evaluate                       1  vb
workshop                       1  nn
pre-school                     1  jj
agencies                       1  nns
recommended                    1  vbn
busy                           1  jj
addition                       1  nn
loan                           1  nn
director                       1  nn
seeks                          1  vbz
grassroots                     1  nns
prepares                       1  vbz
posters                        1  nns
booklists                      1  nns
brochures                      1  nns
promotional                    1  jj
exhibit                        1  nn
created                        1  vbn
used                           1  vbn
publishes                      1  vbz
sum                            1  nn-tl
newsletter                     1  nn
governed                       1  vbn
geographically                 1  rb
representing                   1  vbg
bear                           1  vb
patient                        1  jj
breed                          1  nn
borne                          1  vbn
dedication                     1  nn
results                        1  nns
multiplying                    1  vbg
newcomers                      1  nns
maligned                       1  vbn
teen-agers                     1  nns
co-ops                         1  nns
survival                       1  nn
advances                       1  nns
require                        1  vb
lifetime                       1  nn
apparent                       1  jj
cope                           1  vb
dangers                        1  nns
ability                        1  nn
discriminating                 1  jj
permit                         1  vb
slave                          1  nn
scientific                     1  jj
happen                         1  vb
spiritual                      1  jj
restraint                      1  nn
mind                           1  nn
fundamental                    1  jj
source                         1  nn
america's                      1  np$
falls                          1  vbz
maintain                       1  vb
standards                      1  nns
grows                          1  vbz
intensity                      1  nn
man's                          1  nn$
translate                      1  vb
inadequacy                     1  nn
unless                         1  cs
vigorously                     1  rb
correct                        1  vb
condition                      1  nn
25,000,000                     1  cd
50,000,000                     1  cd
owned                          1  vbn
124                            1  cd
1,509                          1  cd
institutions                   1  nns
surveyed                       1  vbn
66                             1  cd
elementary                     1  jj
150                            1  cd
pupils                         1  nns
colleges                       1  nns
universities                   1  nns
failing                        1  vbg
render                         1  vb
vitally                        1  rb
understanding                  1  nn
16-22                          1  cd
theme                          1  nn
richer                         1  jjr
fuller                         1  jjr
criterion                      1  nn-hl
reform                         1  nn
russell                        1  np
kirk                           1  np
dec.                           1  np
teachers'                      1  nns$
salaries                       1  nns
september                      1  np
receiving                      1  vbg
yale's                         1  np$
arts                           1  nns-tl
somewhere                      1  rb
guaranteed                     1  vbn
shortage                       1  nn
mathematics                    1  nn
underpaid                      1  jj
dearth                         1  nn
sellers'                       1  nns$
satisfied                      1  vbn
second-rate                    1  jj
rub                            1  nn
arises                         1  vbz
usually                        1  rb
profession                     1  nn
grossly                        1  rb
overpaid                       1  vbn
limit                          1  nn
shoddy                         1  jj
performance                    1  nn
dragging                       1  vbg
dead                           1  jj
poor                           1  jj
ladder                         1  nn
merit                          1  nn
sectors                        1  nns
dependent                      1  jj
directly                       1  rb
employer                       1  nn
eve                            1  nn
broad                          1  jj
across-the-board               1  jj
tariff                         1  nn
concessions                    1  nns
practically                    1  rb
alternatives                   1  nns
proposition                    1  nn
sacrificing                    1  vbg
arrangement                    1  nn
selective                      1  jj
reciprocal                     1  jj
lay                            1  vb
open                           1  jj
europeans                      1  nps
economically                   1  rb
profitable                     1  jj
disagree                       1  vb
burnham's                      1  np$
desirable                      1  jj
ignore                         1  vb
consequences                   1  nns
entry                          1  nn
mounting                       1  vbg
proceed                        1  vb
amalgamated                    1  vbn
purely                         1  ql
thoroughfare                   1  nn
garden                         1  nn
ramifications                  1  nns
background                     1  nn
pocketbook                     1  nn
convincing                     1  jj
self-rule                      1  nn
surrendering                   1  vbg
bodies                         1  nns
o.e.c.d.                       1  np
i.m.f.                         1  np
relinquish                     1  vb
wishful                        1  jj
internationalist               1  jj
worlders                       1  nns-tl
advocating                     1  vbg
refer                          1  vb
times'                         1  nns$-tl
section                        1  nn
eric                           1  np
swept                          1  vbn
petty                          1  jj
nationalisms                   1  nns
age-old                        1  jj
rivalries                      1  nns
worn-out                       1  jj
customs                        1  nns
referring                      1  vbg
placing                        1  vbg
mark                           1  vb
giant                          1  jj
grouping                       1  vbg
frankly                        1  rb
cleverly                       1  rb
barrel                         1  nn
wounds                         1  nns
isolationism                   1  nn
inflict                        1  vb
export                         1  nn
deny                           1  vb
crippled                       1  vbn
reduced                        1  vbn
output                         1  nn
industrial                     1  jj
unemployment                   1  nn
dilemma                        1  nn
incorporation                  1  nn
empire                         1  nn
libertarians                   1  nns
henry                          1  np
hazlitt                        1  np
ludwig                         1  np
mises                          1  np
arguing                        1  vbg
regulations                    1  nns
allowance                      1  nn
create                         1  vb
debt-free                      1  jj
we'll                          1  ppss+md
combined                       1  vbn
governmental                   1  jj
monstrosity                    1  nn
backs                          1  nns
won't                          1  md*
european                       1  jj
preserve                       1  vb
acquiesce                      1  vb
planning                       1  vbg
constitutional                 1  jj
guarantees                     1  nns
connally                       1  np-tl
amendments                     1  nns-tl
welcome                        1  vb
many-sided                     1  jj
discussion                     1  nn
jnr                            1  np
ed.                            1  nn
mental                         1  jj-hl
telepathy                      1  nn-hl
peiping                        1  np
silver                         1  nn
seller                         1  nn
stopped                        1  vbd
metal                          1  nn
monday                         1  nr
27                             1  cd
anticipating                   1  vbg
announcement                   1  nn
pegged                         1  vbn
offering                       1  nn
drafted                        1  vbn
honorably                      1  rb
participate                    1  vb
soldier                        1  nn
recalled                       1  vbn
25th                           1  od
fort                           1  nn-tl
devens                         1  np-tl
twelve                         1  cd
pfc                            1  nn
draftee                        1  nn
assistant                      1  jj-tl
1956                           1  cd
toronto                        1  np-tl
prior                          1  rb
twenty-two                     1  cd
22                             1  cd
enviable                       1  jj
heritage                       1  nn
enjoys                         1  vbz
loyal                          1  jj
quarrel                        1  vb
axiomatic                      1  jj
obligation                     1  nn
mandate                        1  nn
equitably                      1  rb
disruptions                    1  nns
submit                         1  vb
woefully                       1  rb
lacking                        1  vbg
teacher                        1  nn
wry                            1  jj
sidelight                      1  nn
deferments                     1  nns
draft                          1  nn
classes                        1  nns
impossible                     1  jj
replacement                    1  nn
totally                        1  rb
disrupted                      1  vbn
compelling                     1  jj
leather                        1  nn
brigades                       1  nns
standing                       1  vbg
idly                           1  rb
corners                        1  nns
taverns                        1  nns
asking                         1  vbg
myself                         1  ppl
mad                            1  jj
mercenary                      1  nn-hl
broadcasts                     1  nns
consistently                   1  rb
referred                       1  vbn
confuses                       1  vbz
1770's                         1  nns
hessians                       1  nps
foreigners                     1  nns
steuben                        1  np
escadrille                     1  fw-nn-tl
chennault's                    1  np$
tigers                         1  nns-tl
postal                         1  jj-hl
gore                           1  np
vidal                          1  np
wrong                          1  jj
cherokee                       1  jj
textile's                      1  nn$-tl
pitney-bowes                   1  np-tl
objects                        1  vbz-tl
eighteenth-century             1  jj
following                      1  vbg
twenty-first-century           1  nn
amendment                      1  nn
moving                         1  vbg
republic                       1  nn-tl
lower                          1  jjr
substituting                   1  vbg
phrase                         1  nn
ahead                          1  rb
stodgy                         1  jj
using                          1  vbg
postmaster's                   1  nn$-tl
envelope                       1  nn
caps                           1  nns
faded                          1  vbn
fail                           1  vb
impending                      1  vbg-hl
trial                          1  nn
jakarta                        1  np
flown                          1  vbn
indonesian                     1  jj
insurgents                     1  nns
boldly                         1  rb
supporting                     1  vbg
defending                      1  vbg
facing                         1  vbg
prosecution                    1  nn
demanded                       1  vbn
penalty                        1  nn
participated                   1  vbn
korea                          1  np
dienbienphu                    1  np
helped                         1  vbn
evacuation                     1  nn
vietnamese                     1  nps
threatened                     1  vbn
domination                     1  nn
proud                          1  jj
flier                          1  nn-tl
loses                          1  vbz-tl
plea                           1  nn-tl
upholds                        1  vbz-hl
pope's                         1  np$
supreme                        1  jj-tl
confirmed                      1  vbn
convicted                      1  vbn
aided                          1  vbn
celebes                        1  np-tl
bombing                        1  vbg
missions                       1  nns
prison                         1  nn
aircraft                       1  nn
shot                           1  vbn
moluccas                       1  nps
khrushchev's                   1  np$
reassuring                     1  vbg
eleanor                        1  np-tl
roosevelt                      1  np-tl
tractor                        1  nn-tl
behalf                         1  nn
tractors                       1  nns
anybody                        1  pn
saving                         1  vbg
occurred                       1  vbn
table                          1  nn
regency                        1  nn-tl
dust-settling                  1  jj
decadence                      1  nn
15                             1  cd-tl
mouth                          1  nn
virtuous                       1  jj
incompetent                    1  jj
marie                          1  np
antoinette                     1  np
jacqueline                     1  np
bouvier                        1  np
beautiful                      1  jj
light-hearted                  1  jj
conservative                   1  jj
bogey-symbol                   1  nn
grotesquely                    1  ql
ironic                         1  jj
grand                          1  fw-jj-tl
monarque                       1  fw-nn-tl
fdr                            1  nn
accretion                      1  nn
deification                    1  nn
roi                            1  fw-nn
gouverne                       1  fw-vbz
par                            1  fw-in
lui                            1  fw-ppo
meme                           1  fw-jj
disastrous                     1  jj
effects                        1  nns
spending                       1  vbg
policies                       1  nns
defeating                      1  vbg
tower's                        1  np$
victory                        1  nn
signals                        1  vbz
liberalism                     1  nn-tl
bruited                        1  vbn
erich                          1  np
maria                          1  np
alfonso                        1  np
nobleman                       1  nn
mille                          1  np
miglia                         1  np
race                           1  nn
notable                        1  jj
resembles                      1  vbz
male                           1  jj
whereas                        1  cs
dull                           1  jj
unformed                       1  jj
aimless                        1  jj
twelfth                        1  od
purposeful                     1  jj
passionate                     1  jj
looked                         1  vbd
forward                        1  rb
ninth                          1  od
grounded                       1  vbn
dramatic                       1  jj
mankind                        1  nn
devised                        1  vbn
alter                          1  vb
except                         1  in
noble                          1  jj
throwing                       1  vbg
hazard                         1  nn
balanced                       1  vbn
knife-edge                     1  nn
tuberculosis                   1  nn
heroine                        1  nn
strict                         1  jj
regimen                        1  nn
sanatorium                     1  nn
wishes                         1  vbz
lover                          1  nn
precedes                       1  vbz
wheel                          1  nn
presumably                     1  rb
lillian                        1  np
dismal                         1  jj
denouement                     1  nn
laid                           1  vbn
junior-philosophical           1  jj
discourse                      1  nn
demure                         1  jj
fetching                       1  jj
pleasant                       1  jj
countryside                    1  nn
restaurants                    1  nns
modicum                        1  nn
ramblings                      1  nns
wonder                         1  nn
distressing                    1  jj
pale                           1  jj
low-key                        1  nn
conditioned                    1  vbn
harsh                          1  jj
colors                         1  nns
explicitness                   1  nn
charming                       1  jj
bears                          1  vbz
reality                        1  nn
latter                         1  ap
reportage                      1  nn
distinctly                     1  rb
tournament                     1  nn
golfer                         1  nn
hazards                        1  nns
limb                           1  nn
golf                           1  nn
existent                       1  jj
actuarially                    1  rb
insignificant                  1  jj
circuit                        1  nn
microcosm                      1  nn
precise                        1  jj
mores                          1  nns
attitudes                      1  nns
driver                         1  nn
encountered                    1  vbn
forgotten                      1  vbn
carries                        1  vbz
disclaimer                     1  nn
minor                          1  jj
liberties                      1  nns
procedures                     1  nns
formalities                    1  nns
necessity                      1  nn
case-hardened                  1  jj
giuseppe                       1  np
vendome                        1  np-tl
sneering                       1  vbg
dozen                          1  nn
bentleys                       1  nps
rolls-royces                   1  nps
preoccupation                  1  nn
plainest                       1  jjt
neurotic                       1  jj
preoccupied                    1  vbn
passive                        1  jj
one's                          1  pn$
destruction                    1  nn
freudian                       1  jj
death-wish                     1  nn
cited                          1  vbn
whenever                       1  wrb
laymen                         1  nns
healthy                        1  jj
differ                         1  vb
depth                          1  nn
passion                        1  nn
moon                           1  vb
twenty-eight                   1  cd
wonderful                      1  jj
shan't                         1  md*
i'll                           1  ppss+md
105                            1  cd
transported                    1  vbn
mystical                       1  jj
beast                          1  nn
hood                           1  nn
piero                          1  np
taruffi                        1  np
sensitive                      1  jj
ecstasy                        1  nn
car's                          1  nn$
adhesion                       1  nn
wet                            1  jj
two-lane                       1  jj
165                            1  cd
hour                           1  nn
algebraic                      1  jj
formulae                       1  nns
sees                           1  vbz
volcano                        1  nn
cone                           1  nn
funneled                       1  vbd
hell                           1  nn
briton                         1  np
stirling                       1  np
moss                           1  np
virtuosi                       1  fw-nns
ultra-fast                     1  jj
road-circuit                   1  nn
related                        1  vbn
ballet                         1  nn
terminology                    1  nn
over-all                       1  jj
translation                    1  nn
convey                         1  vb
everything                     1  pn
objection                      1  nn
hackneyed                      1  jj
pilots                         1  nns
submariners                    1  nns
atomic                         1  jj
researchers                    1  nns
machine-masters                1  nns
brooding                       1  vbg
mystics                        1  nns
hysterical                     1  jj
fatalists                      1  nns
leaderless                     1  jj
contrast                       1  nn
ably                           1  rb
led                            1  vbn
stalwart                       1  jj
heroes                         1  nns
tito                           1  np
invincible                     1  jj
determination                  1  nn
communize                      1  vb
fundamentals                   1  nns
refusing                       1  vbg
sacrifice                      1  nn
marshal                        1  nn-tl
montgomery's                   1  np$
belief                         1  nn
60                             1  cd
appearances                    1  nns
considered                     1  vbn
genuine                        1  jj
believers                      1  nns
feels                          1  vbz
intensely                      1  ql
jones'                         1  np$
pub                            1  nn
jones                          1  np
commies                        1  nps
abstract                       1  jj
purposes                       1  nns
disunited                      1  vbn
undedicated                    1  jj
barrage                        1  nn
alamein                        1  np-tl
launches                       1  vbz
blunderings                    1  nns
mincing                        1  vbg
words                          1  nns
uncourageous                   1  jj
war's                          1  nn$
labour                         1  nn-tl
devoted                        1  vbd
inward                         1  rb
overseas                       1  jj
neglected                      1  vbn
baton                          1  nn
generously                     1  rb
foe                            1  nn
pushed                         1  vbd
wartorn                        1  jj
poverty-stricken               1  jj
prosperity                     1  nn
generally                      1  rb
compulsively                   1  rb
strives                        1  vbz
liked                          1  vbn
match                          1  vb
basically                      1  rb
greater                        1  jjr
fumbling                       1  vbg
stumbling                      1  vbg
shock                          1  nn
pride                          1  nn
attacked                       1  vbd
pearl                          1  nn-tl
harbor                         1  nn-tl
writes                         1  vbz
insist                         1  vb
readiness                      1  nn
unnecessary                    1  jj
creates                        1  vbz
nervousness                    1  nn
bloc                           1  nn
peaceful                       1  jj
coexistence                    1  nn
relied                         1  vbn
west's                         1  nr$-tl
sensible                       1  jj
advice                         1  nn
illusions                      1  nns
heretofore                     1  rb
shaped                         1  vbn
namely                         1  rb
reunited                       1  vbn
germany                        1  np
exist                          1  vb
communist-inspired             1  jj
formosa                        1  np
evil                           1  jj
summit                         1  nn-tl
expects                        1  vbz
politically                    1  rb
drastically                    1  rb
overhauling                    1  vbg
tear                           1  vb
territories                    1  nns
1970                           1  cd
sincerity                      1  nn
carrying                       1  vbg
handle                         1  vb
knew                           1  vbd
select                         1  vb
alone                          1  rb
tenacity                       1  nn
courage                        1  nn
decision                       1  nn
buried                         1  vbn
restoring                      1  vbg
france's                       1  np$
lost                           1  vbn
soul                           1  nn
whoever                        1  wps
walks                          1  vbz
treacherous                    1  jj
envisages                      1  vbz
discipline                     1  vb
carefully                      1  rb
regulated                      1  vbn
orderly                        1  jj
allow                          1  vb
quiet                          1  jj
reflection                     1  nn
adapt                          1  vb
decisions                      1  nns
changing                       1  vbg
situations                     1  nns
inefficiency                   1  nn
honest                         1  jj
morally                        1  rb
proper                         1  jj
anticipate                     1  vb
dominate                       1  vb
surround                       1  vb
moses                          1  np
thence                         1  rb
cromwell                       1  np
napoleon                       1  np
lincoln                        1  np
nehru                          1  np
attempts                       1  vbz
trace                          1  vb
stirrings                      1  nns
qualities                      1  nns
greatness                      1  nn
marriage                       1  nn
aptly                          1  rb
represented                    1  vbn
possibly                       1  rb
hitler's                       1  np$
contribution                   1  nn
largely                        1  ql
irrelevant                     1  jj
contemporary                   1  jj
militarist's                   1  nn$
suspicion                      1  nn
selects                        1  vbz
hero                           1  nn
militarist                     1  nn
dominated                      1  vbn
ambitions                      1  nns
statement                      1  nn
incapacity                     1  nn
rambles                        1  vbz
jogs                           1  vbz
preventing                     1  vbg
easy                           1  jj
thoughts                       1  nns
nevertheless                   1  rb
stated                         1  vbn
courageously                   1  rb
wisely                         1  rb
crisis                         1  nn
suffers                        1  vbz
lack                           1  nn
respect                        1  nn
heroic                         1  jj
remains                        1  vbz
frontier                       1  nn
listener                       1  nn
mario                          1  np
career                         1  nn
non-public                     1  jj
studded                        1  vbn
unconventional                 1  jj
happenings                     1  nns
terminate                      1  vb
appearance                     1  nn
recital                        1  nn
originate                      1  vb
london's                       1  np$
hall                           1  nn-tl
loudest                        1  jjt
performers                     1  nns
entertained                    1  vbn
rca                            1  np
victor                         1  nn-tl
lm                             1  nn-tl
2454                           1  cd-tl
$4.98                          1  nns
concert                        1  nn
tours                          1  nns
abroad                         1  rb
carping                        1  vbg
lurk                           1  vb
boost                          1  vb
payoff                         1  nn
highly                         1  ql
speculative                    1  jj
rising                         1  vbg
streams                        1  nns
dimes                          1  nns
quarters                       1  nns
gates                          1  nns
outlook                        1  nn
securities                     1  nns
ranked                         1  vbd
outright                       1  jj
speculations                   1  nns
investments                    1  nns
tending                        1  vbg
bid                            1  vb
peak                           1  nn
poor's                         1  np$
slipped                        1  vbn
bit                            1  nn
bucked                         1  vbn
easily                         1  rb
outnumber                      1  vb
declines                       1  nns
returns                        1  nns-hl
element                        1  nn
more-than-ordinary             1  jj
chart                          1  nn
offer                          1  vb
risen                          1  vbn
plus                           1  cc
below                          1  in
corporation                    1  nn
u.                             1  np-tl
s.                             1  np-tl
unmarried                      1  jj
investor                       1  nn
$16,000                        1  nns
married                        1  vbn
$32,000                        1  nns
swelling                       1  vbg-hl
12-month                       1  jj
survey                         1  nn
blyth                          1  np-tl
investment                     1  nn
bankers                        1  nns
bright                         1  jj
lags                           1  nns
recession                      1  nn
unusually                      1  ql
indication                     1  nn
ohio                           1  np-tl
slumped                        1  vbd
sharply                        1  rb
january                        1  np
186                            1  cd
173                            1  cd
pattern                        1  nn
bitter                         1  jj
133                            1  cd
121                            1  cd
engineers                      1  nns
extended                       1  vbn
slow                           1  jj-hl
successes                      1  nns-hl
prove                          1  vb
187-mile                       1  jj
length                         1  nn
december                       1  np
64                             1  cd
load                           1  nn
reserves                       1  nns
93                             1  cd
55                             1  cd
measure                        1  vb
engineers'                     1  nns$
rosy                           1  jj
estimates                      1  nns
managements                    1  nns
toll-rate                      1  nn
costly                         1  jj
extensions                     1  nns
highways                       1  nns
planned                        1  vbn
richmond-petersburg            1  np
va.                            1  np
easier                         1  jjr-hl
improving                      1  vbg
motorists'                     1  nns$
illustration                   1  nn
rose                           1  vbd
62                             1  cd
calendar                       1  nn
86                             1  cd
28                             1  cd
opening                        1  nn
bypass                         1  nn
wichita                        1  np
downtown                       1  nr
kans.                          1  np
mo.                            1  np
fund                           1  nn
studying                       1  vbg
opportunities                  1  nns
nearing                        1  vbg
goals                          1  nns
chicago                        1  np-tl
skyway                         1  nn-tl
disappointment                 1  nn
default                        1  nn
1962                           1  cd
defaulted                      1  vbn
faced                          1  vbn
exceptions                     1  nns
steady                         1  jj
earning                        1  vbg
comfortable                    1  jj
margins                        1  nns
attracting                     1  vbg
push                           1  vb
break-even                     1  jj
europe's                       1  np$
factories                      1  nns
serious                        1  jj
competitively                  1  rb
commerce                       1  nn-tl
luther                         1  np
toured                         1  vbd
plants                         1  nns
italy's                        1  np$
biggest                        1  jjt
producer                       1  nn
typewriters                    1  nns
calculating                    1  vbg
machines                       1  nns
cabled                         1  vbd
2,100                          1  cd
exported                       1  vbn
wage                           1  nn
fraction                       1  nn
skilled                        1  jj
worker                         1  nn
assembly                       1  nn
line                           1  nn
earns                          1  vbz
$37                            1  nns
infrequent                     1  jj
officials                      1  nns
strikes                        1  nns
tough                          1  jj
typewriter                     1  nn
1959                           1  cd
underwood's                    1  np$
slashed                        1  vbn
layout                         1  nn
firm                           1  nn
design-conscious               1  jj
sales-conscious                1  jj
advertising-conscious          1  jj
trying                         1  vbg
inflow                         1  nn
capital                        1  nn
predicted                      1  vbd
firms                          1  nns
coming                         1  vbg
vigor                          1  nn
ideas                          1  nns
exploring                      1  vbg
handling                       1  vbg
unveiled                       1  vbn
moves                          1  nns
textile-importing              1  jj
textile-exporting              1  jj
shortly                        1  rb
aims                           1  nns
worth                          1  jj
noting                         1  vbg
try                            1  vb
agreement                      1  nn
industrialized                 1  vbn
less-developed                 1  jj
developing                     1  vbg
encouragement                  1  nn
feet                           1  nns
exporting                      1  vbg
earn                           1  vb
high-wage                      1  nn
voluntarily                    1  rb
pakistan                       1  np
lancashire                     1  np-tl
pact                           1  nn-tl
happy                          1  jj
arrangements                   1  nns
increase                       1  vb
shipments                      1  nns
watched                        1  vbn
expanding                      1  vbg
interests                      1  nns
loudly                         1  rb
protest                        1  vb
portuguese                     1  jj
pour                           1  vb
unrestrictedly                 1  rb
indians                        1  nps
pakistanis                     1  nps
chafing                        1  vbg
bilateral                      1  jj
practices                      1  nns
friction                       1  nn
gradual                        1  jj
controlled                     1  vbn
stabilization                  1  nn
agreements                     1  nns
clue                           1  nn
looks                          1  vbz
shrinkage                      1  nn
veiled                         1  vbn
that's                         1  dt+bez
transferring                   1  vbg
feasible                       1  jj
aren't                         1  ber*
ruled                          1  vbn
impressed                      1  vbn
forcing                        1  vbg
shrink                         1  vb
change                         1  vb
handwriting                    1  nn
highest-paid                   1  jjt
steelmakers'                   1  nns$
mouths                         1  nns
steelmaker                     1  nn
takings                        1  nns
effectively                    1  rb
ship                           1  nn
$2.80                          1  nns
ton                            1  nn
cheaper                        1  jjr
rail                           1  nn
nearby                         1  jj
mechanization                  1  nn
wide                           1  jj
attactive                      1  jj
ocean                          1  nn
freight                        1  nn
nationalized                   1  vbn
twisting                       1  vbg
narrow                         1  jj
deep                           1  jj
productivity                   1  nn
communist-led                  1  jj
arms                           1  nns
strike                         1  vb
decide                         1  vb
unprofitable                   1  jj
stocks                         1  nns
can't                          1  md*
bothers                        1  vbz
complex                        1  jj
retain                         1  vb
suffer                         1  vb
intimately                     1  rb
leave                          1  vb
hopeless                       1  jj
distress                       1  nn
proposes                       1  vbz
sufferer                       1  nn
confronts                      1  vbz
hoping                         1  vbg
sympathetically                1  rb
thank                          1  vb
illustrated                    1  vbn
profound                       1  jj
preacher                       1  nn
tempted                        1  vbn
quote                          1  vb
core                           1  nn
shared                         1  vbn
fortify                        1  vb
southeast                      1  jj-tl
successfully                   1  rb
delving                        1  vbg
concur                         1  vb
lands                          1  nns
heartbreaking                  1  jj
idealism                       1  nn
thwarted                       1  vbn
poverty                        1  nn
hardship                       1  nn
gained                         1  vbd
thanks                         1  nns
uncover                        1  vb
n.c.'s                         1  np$
stunning                       1  jj
sargent                        1  np
shriver                        1  np
encourage                      1  vb
everyone                       1  pn
humanity                       1  nn
khrushchevs                    1  nps
castros                        1  nps
schweitzers                    1  nps
dooleys                        1  nps
names                          1  nns
reprints                       1  nns
distributed                    1  vbn
described                      1  vbd
precisely                      1  rb
soon                           1  rb
improper                       1  jj-hl
bostonian                      1  np-hl
lucas's                        1  np$
sr's                           1  nn
analysis                       1  nn
bible                          1  np-tl
minds                          1  nns
comment                        1  nn
amory                          1  np
blind                          1  jj
fundamentalist                 1  jj
dogmatism                      1  nn
messing                        1  vbg
perilous                       1  jj
focus                          1  nn-hl
lester                         1  np
markel                         1  np
track                          1  nn
invaluable                     1  jj
protecting                     1  vbg
pollution                      1  nn
doctored                       1  vbn
fancy                          1  nn
yellow                         1  jj
journalism                     1  nn
flourished                     1  vbd
generation                     1  nn
type                           1  nn
sophistication                 1  nn
besides                        1  rb
corruptible                    1  jj
journalists                    1  nns
liabilities                    1  nns
reporter                       1  nn
restricted                     1  vbn
statements                     1  nns
sides                          1  nns
instance                       1  nn
subjects                       1  vbz
distortion                     1  nn
unscrupulous                   1  jj
wisconsin                      1  np
innocent                       1  jj
misled                         1  vbd
powerless                      1  jj
perspective                    1  nn
columns                        1  nns
front-page                     1  nn
stories                        1  nns
mccarthy                       1  np
television                     1  nn
screen                         1  nn
seeing                         1  vbg
boxed                          1  vbn
experimenting                  1  vbg
job                            1  nn
manipulate                     1  vb
ends                           1  nns
relevant                       1  jj
information                    1  nn
possession                     1  nn
editors                        1  nns
space                          1  nn
concerning                     1  in
praised                        1  vbn
televised                      1  vbn
gives                          1  vbz
opinions                       1  nns
all-powerful                   1  jj
publish                        1  vb
transcript                     1  nn
differential                   1  nn
grudgingly                     1  rb
10:30                          1  cd
interesting                    1  jj
glibly                         1  rb
summarized                     1  vbn
commentator                    1  nn
edwards                        1  np
huntley                        1  np
brinkley                       1  np
squeeze                        1  vb
criticism                      1  nn
fifteen-minute                 1  jj
summary                        1  nn
transcripts                    1  nns
comparing                      1  vbg
station                        1  nn
re-runs                        1  nns
censored                       1  vbn
abc                            1  np
regarding                      1  in
laos                           1  np
paragraph                      1  nn
answer                         1  nn
subjected                      1  vbn
abused                         1  vbn
inauguration                   1  nn-tl
re-run                         1  vbn
editor                         1  nn
letters                        1  nns
stations'                      1  nns$
networks'                      1  nns$
webb                           1  np
young's                        1  np$
madison                        1  np-tl
avenue                         1  nn-tl
estimation                     1  nn
definitely                     1  rb
sad                            1  jj
rounding                       1  vbg
disintegrate                   1  vb
shades                         1  nns
grey                           1  jj
estate                         1  nn
preceded                       1  vbd
ours                           1  pp$$
lot                            1  nn
instructors                    1  nns
worked                         1  vbd
curriculum                     1  nn
taught                         1  vbd
disbanded                      1  vbn
abandoned                      1  vbn
rust                           1  vb
practitioners                  1  nns
refresher                      1  nn
courses                        1  nns
alas                           1  uh
academies                      1  nns
revealed                       1  vbd
apply                          1  vb
constructive                   1  jj
suggestions                    1  nns
sparks                         1  vbz
clean                          1  vb-hl
flattered                      1  vbn
richard                        1  np
tobin                          1  np
communications                 1  nns-tl
merger                         1  nn
storm                          1  nn-hl
forthcoming                    1  jj
commits                        1  vbz
autobiographical               1  jj
charged                        1  vbd
root                           1  nn
manuscript                     1  nn
publisher                      1  nn
reviewed                       1  vbn
post-mortem                    1  nn
formality                      1  nn
watson-watt                    1  np
50                             1  cd
titled                         1  vbn
privileged                     1  jj
analyze                        1  vb
publicly                       1  rb
commentaries                   1  nns
series                         1  nn
derived                        1  vbn
challenge                      1  vb
gist                           1  nn
incautious                     1  jj
tale                           1  nn
remarks                        1  nns
constitute                     1  vb
review                         1  nn
representatives                1  nns
publishing                     1  vbg
recognize                      1  vb
freely                         1  rb
acknowledge                    1  vb
reaction                       1  nn
book's                         1  nn$
somewhat                       1  ql
milder                         1  jjr
prepublication                 1  nn
charles                        1  np
marred                         1  vbn
forceful                       1  jj
defend                         1  vb
supposed                       1  vbn
stating                        1  vbg
incoherent                     1  jj
argument                       1  nn
presents                       1  vbz
beginning                      1  nn
admitted                       1  vbn
valid                          1  jj
historians                     1  nns
strategists                    1  nns
perverted                      1  vbn
nonsense                       1  nn
impressionistic                1  jj
contributing                   1  vbg
authoritative                  1  jj
account                        1  nn
lindemanns                     1  nps
tea                            1  nn
party                          1  nn
actively                       1  rb
supported                      1  vbd
radar                          1  nn
outside                        1  in
tizard                         1  np-tl
dissembling                    1  vbg
discounted                     1  vbd
lean                           1  vb
grave                          1  jj
error                          1  nn
unfortunate                    1  jj
casts                          1  vbz
unjustifiable                  1  jj
aura                           1  nn
falsehood                      1  nn
dissuade                       1  vb
philosopher                    1  nn
adam                           1  np
historian                      1  nn
finger                         1  nn
sometime                       1  rb
leopold                        1  np
concluded                      1  vbd
grab                           1  vb
grabbing                       1  nn
stole                          1  vbd
900,000                        1  cd
square                         1  nn
wilderness                     1  nn
filled                         1  vbn
quarreling                     1  vbg
historical                     1  jj
geography                      1  nn
points                         1  nns
leopold's                      1  np$
explorers                      1  nns
gunmen                         1  nns
tired                          1  vbn
culture                        1  nn
clusters                       1  nns
innumerable                    1  jj
speaking                       1  vbg
400                            1  cd
separate                       1  jj
dialects                       1  nns
religions                      1  nns
include                        1  vb
mohammedanism                  1  np
paganism                       1  nn
ancestor                       1  nn
worship                        1  nn
animism                        1  nn
climate                        1  nn
ranges                         1  vbz
steamily                       1  ql
equatorial                     1  jj
temperate                      1  jj
hospitals                      1  nns
patients                       1  nns
trampled                       1  vbn
elephants                      1  nns
sports                         1  nns
disparities                    1  nns
family                         1  nn
private                        1  jj
property                       1  nn
brutality                      1  nn
conscience                     1  nn
commencing                     1  vbg
unmatched                      1  jj
colonialism                    1  nn
definition                     1  nn
managing                       1  vbg
manner                         1  nn
questioned                     1  vbn
permits                        1  vbz
imagines                       1  vbz
born                           1  vbn
52                             1  cd
treated                        1  vbn
infant                         1  nn
tin                            1  nn
cobalt                         1  nn
manganese                      1  nn
zinc                           1  nn
uranium                        1  nn
cotton                         1  nn
oil                            1  nn
neither                        1  cc
nor                            1  cc
resident                       1  nn
beneficiaries                  1  nns
huge                           1  jj
cartels                        1  nns
stock                          1  nn
gunther                        1  np
societe                        1  fw-nn-tl
generale                       1  fw-jj-tl
colossus                       1  nn
envisaged                      1  vbn
morgan                         1  np-tl
anaconda                       1  nn-tl
mutual                         1  jj-tl
pennsylvania                   1  np-tl
railroad                       1  nn-tl
producing                      1  vbg
agricultural                   1  jj
lumped                         1  vbn
partner                        1  nn
exploited                      1  vbn
compassion                     1  nn
provided                       1  vbd
covered                        1  vbd
mass                           1  nn
doubtless                      1  rb
continent                      1  nn
housing                        1  nn
instituted                     1  vbd
employers                      1  nns
furnish                        1  vb
clothing                       1  nn
delivering                     1  vbg
actual                         1  jj
commodities                    1  nns
cash                           1  nn
intervals                      1  nns
obliged                        1  vbn
dole                           1  vb
placed                         1  vbd
1950s                          1  nns
25,000                         1  cd
puzzle                         1  vb
chatte                         1  fw-nn
chien                          1  fw-nn
write                          1  vb
carpenters                     1  nns
mechanics                      1  nns
exploit                        1  vb
secondary                      1  jj
grade                          1  nn
indefinite                     1  jj
future                         1  nn
ready                          1  jj
tackle                         1  vb
economics                      1  nn
discouraged                    1  vbd
fearing                        1  vbg
intellectual                   1  jj
elite                          1  nn
unrest                         1  nn
exactly                        1  rb
graduates                      1  nns
why                            1  wrb
manifestly                     1  rb
oversimplification             1  nn
gale                           1  nn
nationalism                    1  nn
sweeping                       1  vbg
lacked                         1  vbd
prepare                        1  vb
colonies                       1  nns
clamoring                      1  vbg
unsure                         1  jj
crowds                         1  nns
shouted                        1  vbd
pas                            1  fw-*
une                            1  fw-cd
goutte                         1  fw-nn
sang                           1  fw-nn
privilege                      1  nn
pedagogue                      1  nn
wash                           1  vb
mess                           1  nn
motivations                    1  nns
actions                        1  nns
guiltless                      1  jj
approached                     1  vbd
fewer                          1  ap
120                            1  cd
splitting                      1  vbg
balkanizing                    1  vbg-tl
near-balkanization             1  nn
loose                          1  jj
federalism                     1  nn
residing                       1  vbg
notably                        1  rb
unified                        1  vbn
fourth                         1  od
moderates                      1  nns
hurry                          1  nn
wished                         1  vbd
wait                           1  vb
grew                           1  vbd
constantly                     1  rb
shifting                       1  vbg
final                          1  jj
factor                         1  nn
contributed                    1  vbd
greatly                        1  rb
fragmentation                  1  nn
provincial                     1  jj
structure                      1  nn
convenience                    1  nn
leopoldville                   1  np
kivu                           1  np
equator                        1  nn-tl
unfortunately                  1  rb
granted                        1  vbn
workable                       1  jj
western-style                  1  jj-tl
bicameral                      1  jj
elected                        1  vbn
suffrage                       1  nn
well-wishers                   1  nns
frictions                      1  nns
arose                          1  vbd
handled                        1  vbn
25,000-man                     1  jj
officered                      1  vbn
administrator                  1  nn
twenty-four                    1  cd
wild                           1  jj
commenced                      1  vbd
well-armed                     1  jj
cannibalistic                  1  jj
erupted                        1  vbd
mutiny                         1  nn
rioting                        1  vbg
raping                         1  vbg
looting                        1  vbg
terror                         1  nn
engulfed                       1  vbd
civilians                      1  nns
remained                       1  vbn
paratroops                     1  nns
mineral-rich                   1  jj
chaos                          1  nn
succeeding                     1  vbg
violence                       1  nn
blamed                         1  vbd
intervention                   1  nn
send                           1  vb
oust                           1  vb
abstaining                     1  vbg
drew                           1  vbd
vague                          1  jj
wording                        1  nn
withdrawal                     1  nn
authorized                     1  vbd
steps                          1  nns
hammarskjold                   1  np
preferable                     1  jj
nonwhite                       1  jj
ghana                          1  np
morocco                        1  np
guinea                         1  np
mali                           1  np
ultimately                     1  rb
reached                        1  vbd
19,000                         1  cd
5,000                          1  cd
soldiers                       1  nns
eire                           1  np
sweden                         1  np
whites                         1  nns
modest                         1  jj
obstructed                     1  vbd
wildly                         1  ql
erratic                        1  jj
appealing                      1  vbg
rejected                       1  vbn
complicated                    1  vbd
u.n.'s                         1  np$
initiating                     1  vbg
secessionist                   1  nn
south                          1  jj-tl
kalonji                        1  np
secede                         1  vb
meddle                         1  vb
dispatching                    1  vbg
intervene                      1  vb
openly                         1  rb
approaching                    1  vbg
calm                           1  jj
exasperated                    1  vbn
promptly                       1  rb
flung                          1  vbd
played                         1  vbn
redoubled                      1  vbn
obstructionist                 1  nn
officially                     1  rb
departed                       1  vbd
uniformed                      1  jj
numbers                        1  nns
variously                      1  rb
65%                            1  nn
mineral                        1  nn
wealth                         1  nn
directive                      1  nn
council's                      1  nn$-tl
matters                        1  nns
charter                        1  nn
interfere                      1  vb
unify                          1  vb
federalize                     1  vb
balkanize                      1  vb-tl
five-month                     1  jj
lull                           1  nn
smoldered                      1  vbd
flickered                      1  vbd
murder                         1  nn
kidnaped                       1  vbn
executed                       1  vbn
stirred                        1  vbd
urging                         1  vbg
appropriate                    1  jj
measures                       1  nns
occurrence                     1  nn
resort                         1  nn
considerably                   1  ql
tougher                        1  jjr
eject                          1  vb
advisers                       1  nns
ordered                        1  vbd
investigation                  1  nn
lumumba's                      1  np$
reconvention                   1  nn
reorganization                 1  nn
theatergoing                   1  jj
skindiving                     1  vbg
horse-playing                  1  jj
fill                           1  vb
roles                          1  nns
varied                         1  vbn
vast                           1  jj
vigilant                       1  jj
department                     1  nn-tl
agriculture                    1  nn-tl
averaged                       1  vbd
consumption                    1  nn
1,488                          1  cd
17                             1  cd
bed                            1  nn
mother                         1  nn
hen                            1  nn
weight-height                  1  nn
tables                         1  nns
co.                            1  nn-tl
clucks                         1  vbz
48                             1  cd
centuries                      1  nns
changed                        1  vbd
imperceptible                  1  jj
degrees                        1  nns
mostly                         1  rb
buffet                         1  vb
produced                       1  vbn
one-tenth                      1  nn
embarrassing                   1  vbg
dispose                        1  vb
inconspicuously                1  rb
tons                           1  nns
surplus                        1  nn
one-fifth                      1  nn
consume                        1  vb
refrigeration                  1  nn
automated                      1  vbn
packaging                      1  vbg
conspire                       1  vb
defy                           1  vb
season                         1  nn
banish                         1  vb
spoilage                       1  nn
wake                           1  nn
affluence                      1  nn
learning                       1  vbg
survive                        1  vb
fads                           1  nns-hl
directed                       1  vbn
fusty                          1  jj
panaceas                       1  nns
spinach                        1  nn
prunes                         1  nns
progressed                     1  vbn
curds                          1  nns
concentrates                   1  nns
capsules                       1  nns
spend                          1  vb
$900                           1  nns
tonics                         1  nns
supplements                    1  nns
juice                          1  nn
bars                           1  nns
angeles'                       1  np$
35                             1  cd
sensation                      1  nn
pink                           1  jj
high-protein                   1  nn
concocted                      1  vbn
dried                          1  vbn
powdered                       1  vbn
cherry-flavored                1  jj
no-cal                         1  np
sells                          1  vbz
59-cents                       1  nns
8-oz.                          1  nn
glass                          1  nn
grocery                        1  nn
dozens                         1  nns
boast                          1  vb
grips                          1  nns
minnesota's                    1  np$-tl
ancel                          1  np
inventor                       1  nn
wartime                        1  nn
k                              1  nn
bestselling                    1  jj
stay                           1  vb-tl
birch-paneled                  1  jj
laboratory                     1  nn-tl
hygiene                        1  nn-tl
university's                   1  nn$
football                       1  nn
stadium                        1  nn
rumble                         1  nn
touchdown                      1  nn
blocky                         1  jj
grey-haired                    1  jj
directs                        1  vbz
ambitious                      1  jj
$200,000-a-year                1  nns
experiment                     1  nn
spans                          1  vbz
continents                     1  nns
pursuing                       1  vbg
logged                         1  vbn
indescribable                  1  jj
digestive                      1  jj
indignities                    1  nns
meticulously                   1  rb
collected                      1  vbn
data                           1  nn
habits                         1  nns
10,000                         1  cd
bantu                          1  jj
contadini                      1  fw-nns
measured                       1  vbn
skinfolds                      1  nns
fleshy                         1  jj
shoulder                       1  nn
blades                         1  nns
neapolitan                     1  jj
firemen                        1  nns
studied                        1  vbn
metabolism                     1  nn
finnish                        1  jj
woodcutters                    1  nns
analyzed                       1  vbn
mealie-meal                    1  nn
capetown                       1  np
coloreds                       1  nns
experimented                   1  vbn
findings                       1  nns
smash                          1  vb
mothers'                       1  nns$
ticket                         1  nn
readings                       1  nns
milligrams                     1  nns
predicting                     1  vbg
becoming                       1  vbg
electrocardiogram              1  nn
symptomatic                    1  jj
count                          1  nn
rejoices                       1  vbz
depending                      1  in
nearer                         1  jjr
180                            1  cd
safe                           1  jj
250                            1  cd
messages                       1  nns
3,000                          1  cd
2,300                          1  cd
butter                         1  nn
ice                            1  nn
cream                          1  nn
calorie-heavy                  1  jj
40%                            1  nn
insidious                      1  jj
leads                          1  vbz
scarce                         1  jj
earth's                        1  nn$
1,600                          1  cd
sustain                        1  vb
scurvy                         1  nn
sprue                          1  nn
pellagra                       1  nn
rampant                        1  jj
luxury                         1  nn
babies                         1  nns
weaned                         1  vbn
breast                         1  nn
arrivals                       1  nns
childhood                      1  nn
menace                         1  nn
kwashiorkor                    1  fw-nn
johnny                         1  np-tl
growth-stunting                1  jj
signs                          1  nns
reddish                        1  jj
hair                           1  nn
bloated                        1  vbn
belly                          1  nn
victims                        1  nns
rest                           1  nn
prey                           1  nn
parasites                      1  nns
lingering                      1  vbg
well-fed                       1  jj
virtually                      1  rb
vanished                       1  vbn
past                           1  ap
harrison's                     1  np$
principles                     1  nns-tl
medicine                       1  nn-tl
internist's                    1  nn$
puts                           1  vbz
puritan                        1  jj-tl
flagrant                       1  jj
symbol                         1  nn
intemperance                   1  nn
sin                            1  nn
maybe                          1  rb
immoral                        1  jj
morals                         1  nns
plenty                         1  nn
loves                          1  vbz
simple                         1  jj
mechanical                     1  jj
york's                         1  np$-tl
overburden                     1  vb
chevrolet                      1  np
cadillac                       1  np
wear                           1  vb
sooner                         1  rbr
buying                         1  vbg
premiums                       1  nns
25%                            1  nn
vulnerable                     1  jj
exertion                       1  nn
uncomfortable                  1  jj
hampers                        1  vbz
breathing                      1  nn
restricts                      1  vbz
muscular                       1  jj
physiologically                1  rb
overeat                        1  vb
adjusts                        1  vbz
located                        1  vbn
hypothalamus                   1  nn
temperature                    1  nn
sleep                          1  nn
water-balance                  1  nn
controls                       1  nns
raises                         1  vbz
cold                           1  jj
weather                        1  nn
doses                          1  nns
narcotizes                     1  vbz
enhances                       1  vbz
original                       1  jj
liquor                         1  nn
seldom                         1  rb
rare                           1  jj
encephalitis                   1  nn
pituitary                      1  nn
tumor                          1  nn
destroying                     1  vbg
satiety                        1  nn
overeating                     1  vbg
compulsion                     1  nn
fostered                       1  vbn
depression                     1  nn
insecurity                     1  nn
simply                         1  rb
anxious                        1  jj
mother's                       1  nn$
nagging                        1  nn
families                       1  nns
undue                          1  jj
delicacies                     1  nns
rewards                        1  nns
withheld                       1  vbn
punishment                     1  nn
sedative                       1  nn
emotional                      1  jj
solace                         1  nn
fairly                         1  ql
experience                     1  nn
finds                          1  vbz
husband                        1  nn
staying                        1  vbg
boys                           1  nns
fishes                         1  vbz
cupboard                       1  nn
hauls                          1  vbz
chocolate                      1  nn
cake                           1  nn
boredom                        1  nn
subconscious                   1  jj
she's                          1  pps+bez
deprived                       1  vbn
compulsive                     1  jj
eaters                         1  nns
nibblers                       1  nns
gobblers                       1  nns
downright                      1  jj
rarely                         1  rb
won                            1  vbn
flatly                         1  rb
dismisses                      1  vbz
depressants                    1  nns
amphetamines                   1  nns
benzedrine                     1  np
dexedrine                      1  np
crutches                       1  nns
weak                           1  jj
objections                     1  nns
quaker                         1  np-tl
oats's                         1  nn$-tl
quota                          1  nn-tl
900-calorie                    1  jj
formulas                       1  nns
winning                        1  vbg
dieters                        1  nns
pretty                         1  ql
minerals                       1  nns
900                            1  cd
40                             1  cd
adjustment                     1  nn
portions                       1  nns
distaste                       1  nn
disgusting                     1  jj
incidental                     1  jj
concerns                       1  vbz
nation's                       1  nn$
killer                         1  nn
fatalities                     1  nns
deaths                         1  nns
accidents                      1  nns
cornerstone                    1  nn
mysterious                     1  jj
yellowish                      1  jj
waxy                           1  jj
chemically                     1  rb
crystalline                    1  jj
greek                          1  np
chole                          1  fw-nn
sterios                        1  fw-jj-nc
brain                          1  nn
2%                             1  nn
brain's                        1  nn$
ingredient                     1  nn
gallstones                     1  nns
suspect                        1  vb
plays                          1  vbz
adrenal                        1  nn
hormones                       1  nns
essential                      1  jj
transport                      1  nn
circulatory                    1  jj
explain                        1  vb
manufacture                    1  nn
partly                         1  rb
composed                       1  vbn
soluble                        1  jj
insoluble                      1  jj
tendency                       1  nn
walls                          1  nns
mainly                         1  rb
responsible                    1  jj
arterial                       1  jj
blockages                      1  nns
culminate                      1  vb
explains                       1  vbz
travel                         1  vb
bloodstream                    1  nn
intima                         1  nn
inner                          1  jj
proteins                       1  nns
burned                         1  vbn
piles                          1  vbz
narrows                        1  vbz
irritates                      1  vbz
encouraging                    1  vbg
calcium                        1  nn
slowing                        1  vbg
circulation                    1  nn
eventually                     1  rb
happens                        1  vbz
clot                           1  nn
forms                          1  vbz
site                           1  nn
seals                          1  vbz
provokes                       1  vbz
commonly                       1  rb
choke                          1  vb
artery's                       1  nn$
infarct                        1  nn
occurs                         1  vbz
suffocated                     1  vbn
fatally                        1  rb
injured                        1  vbn
coronaries                     1  nns-hl
synthesizes                    1  vbz
transportation                 1  nn
cholesterol-rich               1  jj
normal                         1  jj
materially                     1  rb
affect                         1  vb
amount                         1  nn
doctors                        1  nns
netherlands                    1  np-tl
scandinavia                    1  np
noted                          1  vbd
curious                        1  jj
stresses                       1  nns
nazi                           1  np
slowly                         1  rb
dropping                       1  vbg
hint                           1  nn
sweden's                       1  np$
haqvin                         1  np
malmros                        1  np
showed                         1  vbd
sinking                        1  vbg
coincided                      1  vbd
california's                   1  np$-tl
laurance                       1  np
kinsell                        1  np
timing                         1  vbg
oxidation                      1  nn
stumbled                       1  vbd
onto                           1  in
discovery                      1  nn
levels                         1  nns
a.                             1  np
e.                             1  np
ahrens                         1  np
rockefeller                    1  np-tl
chemical                       1  nn
difference                     1  nn
natural                        1  jj
fall                           1  vb
categories                     1  nns
saturation                     1  nn
hydrogen                       1  nn
atoms                          1  nns
265                            1  cd
exerts                         1  vbz
