Toplam kelime say覺s覺: 2374
Tekil kelime say覺s覺: 990

Kelime                     Frekans  Most Likely Tag
-----------------------  ---------  -----------------
,                              167  ,
the                            130  at
.                               99  .
of                              53  in
and                             50  cc
in                              49  in
a                               43  at
to                              40  to
will                            34  md
for                             29  in
mrs.                            20  np
is                              20  bez
``                              20  ``
''                              20  ''
be                              18  be
at                              18  in
his                             16  pp$
her                             15  pp$
with                            13  in
from                            12  in
new                             12  jj
!                               12  .
here                            10  rb
who                              9  wps
as                               9  cs
on                               9  in
:                                9  :
;                                8  .
their                            8  pp$
has                              8  hvz
back                             8  rb
he                               8  pps
tomorrow                         7  nr
mr.                              7  np
chicago                          7  np-tl
this                             7  dt
an                               7  at
club                             7  nn
when                             7  wrb
wendell                          6  np
are                              6  ber
that                             6  dt
monroe                           5  np
only                             5  ap
jr.                              5  np
give                             5  vb
wedding                          5  nn
'                                5  '
met                              5  vbd
now                              5  rb
miss                             5  np
but                              5  cc
more                             5  ap
up                               5  rp
forest                           4  nn-tl
home                             4  nn
brother                          4  nn
bride's                          4  nn$
also                             4  rb
b.                               4  np
trip                             4  nn
board                            4  nn
night                            4  nn
last                             4  ap
was                              4  bedz
john                             4  np
one                              4  cd
there                            4  rb-hl
geraghty                         4  np
(                                4  (
)                                4  )
day                              4  nn
world                            4  nn
international                    4  jj
it                               4  pps
been                             4  ben
first                            4  od
italian                          4  jj
into                             4  in
town                             4  nn-tl
you                              4  ppss
can                              4  md
jane                             4  np
johnny                           4  np
me                               4  ppo
tarzan                           4  np
p.m.                             3  rb
lake                             3  nn-tl
present                          3  rb
walter                           3  np
d.                               3  np
marriage                         3  nn
small                            3  jj
group                            3  nn
children                         3  nns
thomas                           3  np
live                             3  vb
we                               3  ppss
s.                               3  np
president                        3  nn
york                             3  np-tl
may                              3  np
theater                          3  nn
--                               3  --
because                          3  cs
hamm                             3  np
st.                              3  nn-tl
come                             3  vb
beach                            3  nn-tl
c.                               3  np
association                      3  nn
supper                           3  nn
show                             3  nn
director                         3  nn
next                             3  ap
get                              3  vb
geraghty's                       3  np$
meet                             3  vb
she                              3  pps
dec.                             3  np
tea                              3  nn
after                            3  in
year                             3  nn
florence                         3  np
maureen                          3  np
old                              3  jj-tl
if                               3  cs
about                            3  in
room                             3  nn-tl
time                             3  nn
opening                          3  vbg
today                            3  nr
danny                            3  np
season                           3  nn
all                              3  abn
our                              3  pp$
joan                             2  np
armour                           2  np
h.                               2  np
friends                          2  nns
junior                           2  jj
bridegroom's                     2  nn$
fla.                             2  np
arrive                           2  vb
best                             2  jjt
man                              2  nn
13                               2  cd
father                           2  nn
charles                          2  np
christmas                        2  np
return                           2  nn
young                            2  jj
school                           2  nn
husband                          2  nn
have                             2  hv
baby                             2  nn
mother                           2  nn
bride                            2  nn
house                            2  nn
take                             2  vb
later                            2  rbr
again                            2  rb
sims                             2  np
university                       2  nn-tl
research                         2  nn-tl
foundation                       2  nn-tl
performance                      2  nn
benefit                          2  nn
place                            2  nn-tl
should                           2  md
money                            2  nn
raising                          2  nn
event                            2  nn
by                               2  in
quite                            2  abl
members                          2  nns
member                           2  nn
east                             2  nr
parichy                          2  np
park                             2  nn-tl
reception                        2  nn
vero                             2  np-tl
however                          2  wrb
stevens                          2  np
e.                               2  np
dinner                           2  nn
tonight                          2  nr
george                           2  np
united                           2  vbn-tl
tennis                           2  nn-tl
party                            2  nn
stadium                          2  nn-tl
jack                             2  np
still                            2  rb
helen                            2  np
off                              2  rp
even                             2  rb
fair                             2  jj
talent                           2  nn
staff                            2  nn
groups                           2  nns
coming                           2  vbg
damascus                         2  np
out                              2  rp
so                               2  rb
honolulu                         2  np
paris                            2  np
over                             2  rp
22                               2  cd
daughter                         2  nn
molly                            2  np
cotillion                        2  nn-tl
already                          2  rb
it's                             2  pps+bez
debut                            2  nn
song                             2  nn-tl
chicago's                        2  np$
around                           2  rb
dance                            2  nn
wayne                            2  np
burkes                           2  nps
burke                            2  np
career                           2  nn
firm                             2  nn
many                             2  ap
december                         2  np
sethness                         2  np
hospital                         2  nn
william                          2  np
o'sullivan                       2  np
along                            2  rb
lyon                             2  np
thru                             2  in
pretty                           2  jj
ex-mrs.                          2  np
clubs                            2  nns
idea                             2  nn
signed                           2  vbd
play                             2  nn
living                           2  vbg-tl
that's                           2  dt+bez
make                             2  vb
rare                             2  jj
la                               2  fw-at-tl
debuting                         2  vbg
drury                            2  np-tl
lane                             2  nn-tl
ray                              2  np
l.                               2  np
charley                          2  np
top                              2  jjs
exec                             2  nn
he'll                            2  pps+md
glamor                           2  nn
years                            2  nns
a.                               2  np
fund                             2  nn
drive                            2  nn
they're                          2  ppss+ber
nov.                             2  np
kids                             2  vbz
mail                             2  vb
movie                            2  nn
people                           2  nns
gave                             2  vbd
fur                              2  nn
honor                            2  nn
town's                           2  nn$
boss                             2  nn
mets                             2  nps
own                              2  jj
via                              2  in
side                             2  nn
?                                2  .
bill                             2  np
romantic                         1  jj
news                             1  nn
concerns                         1  vbz
f.                               1  np
lee                              1  np
married                          1  vbn
4:30                             1  cd
j.                               1  np
hampton                          1  np
families                         1  nns
dozen                            1  nn
close                            1  jj
senior                           1  jj
parents                          1  nns
barrett                          1  np
wendells                         1  nps
returning                        1  vbg
winter                           1  nn
holiday                          1  nn
sarasota                         1  np
occasion                         1  nn
wife                             1  nn
boston                           1  np
kirkland                         1  np
11                               1  cd
were                             1  bed
holidays                         1  nns
can't                            1  md*
peter                            1  np
student                          1  nn
westminster                      1  np
measles                          1  nn
sister                           1  nn
andrew                           1  np
missoula                         1  np
mont.                            1  np
camilla                          1  np
alsop                            1  np
they                             1  ppss
bulletins                        1  vbz
frank                            1  np
women's                          1  nns$
cancer                           1  nn-tl
metropolitan                     1  jj-tl
opera                            1  nn-tl
company                          1  nn-tl
sponsor                          1  vb
saturday                         1  nr
turandot                         1  np
birgit                           1  np
nilsson                          1  np
starred                          1  vbn
housed                           1  vbn
mccormick                        1  np
prove                            1  vb
exciting                         1  jj
evening                          1  nn
adds                             1  vbz
board's                          1  nn$
harry                            1  np
belafonte                        1  np
off-beat                         1  jj
decided                          1  vbd
some                             1  dti
henry                            1  np
t.                               1  np
sulcer                           1  np
winnetka                         1  np
chairman                         1  nn
publicity                        1  nn
recently                         1  rb
appointed                        1  vbn
vice                             1  nn
bringing                         1  vbg
them                             1  ppo
parichy-hamm                     1  np-hl
recent                           1  jj
death                            1  nn
frederick                        1  np
terry                            1  np
bruce                            1  np
noon                             1  nn
bernadine's                      1  np$-tl
church                           1  nn
follow                           1  vb
oak                              1  nn-tl
arms                             1  nns-tl
hotel                            1  nn
not                              1  *
go                               1  vb
stay                             1  vb
g.                               1  np
beadles'                         1  nps$
beadles                          1  nps
formerly                         1  rb
lived                            1  vbd
harvey                           1  np
kenilworth                       1  np
niece                            1  nn
other                            1  ap
uncles                           1  nns
aunts                            1  nns
rush                             1  np
butlers                          1  nps
homer                            1  np
robertsons                       1  nps
david                            1  np
q.                               1  np
porters                          1  nps
bridal                           1  nn
stevenses'                       1  nps$
press                            1  nn-tl
fete                             1  vb
barnes                           1  np
states                           1  nns-tl
lawn                             1  nn-tl
cocktail                         1  nn
buffet                           1  nn
beginning                        1  vbg
5:30                             1  cd
bus                              1  nn
carry                            1  vb
see                              1  vb
kramer's                         1  np$
professional                     1  jj
matches                          1  nns
8                                1  cd
loud                             1  jj
huzzahs                          1  nns
artistic                         1  jj
success                          1  nn
presbyterian-st.                 1  np
luke's                           1  np$
fashion                          1  nn-tl
ringing                          1  vbg
ears                             1  nns
its                              1  pp$
tieken                           1  np
maurice                          1  np
p.                               1  np
taking                           1  vbg
56                               1  cd
which                            1  wdt
earn                             1  vb
greater                          1  jjr
acclaim                          1  nn
entertainment                    1  nn
summer's                         1  nn$
trade                            1  nn-tl
armed                            1  vbn
letters                          1  nns
embassies                        1  nns
ministers                        1  nns
countries                        1  nns
especially                       1  rb
those                            1  dts
near                             1  jj
far                              1  jj
beat                             1  vb
bushes                           1  nns
oriental                         1  jj
commerce                         1  nn-tl
industry                         1  nn-tl
expect                           1  vb
establish                        1  vb
closer                           1  jjr
relations                        1  nns
nations                          1  nns
cultural                         1  jj
activities                       1  nns
easy                             1  jj
bring                            1  vb
acts                             1  nns
explains                         1  vbz
instance                         1  nn
djakarta                         1  np
indonesia                        1  np
three                            1  cd
dancers                          1  nns
interested                       1  vbn
i'm                              1  ppss+bem
going                            1  vbg
try                              1  vb
whirling                         1  vbg
dervishes                        1  nns
obstacle                         1  nn
globe-girdling                   1  jj
smoothed                         1  vbn
representative                   1  nn
syria                            1  np
called                           1  vbd
upon                             1  rb
explain                          1  vb
would                            1  md
border                           1  nn
country                          1  nn
newly                            1  rb
separated                        1  vbn
egypt                            1  np
arab                             1  np-tl
republic                         1  nn-tl
hadn't                           1  hvd*
able                             1  jj
obtain                           1  vb
visa                             1  nn
stop                             1  nn
then                             1  rb
japan                            1  np
hong                             1  np
kong                             1  np
manila                           1  np
india                            1  np
pakistan                         1  np
beirut                           1  np
rome                             1  np
london                           1  np
look                             1  vb
wonderful                        1  jj
deadline                         1  nn
geraghtys'                       1  nps$
youngest                         1  jjt
bows                             1  vbz
passavant                        1  np-tl
debutante                        1  nn-tl
gown                             1  nn
fitted                           1  vbn
says                             1  vbz
invitations                      1  nns
addressed                        1  vbn
molly's                          1  np$
afternoon                        1  nn
29                               1  cd
arts                             1  nns-tl
won't                            1  md*
folk                             1  nn
festival                         1  nn
singers                          1  nns
foreign                          1  jj
sing                             1  vb
songs                            1  nns
theme                            1  nn
continued                        1  vbn
balkan                           1  np
strings                          1  nns
playing                          1  vbg
byron                            1  np
harveys                          1  nps
racquet                          1  np
abra                             1  np
prentice's                       1  np$
casino                           1  nn-tl
wind                             1  vb
burke-rostagno                   1  np-hl
richard                          1  np
burkes'                          1  nps$
setting                          1  nn
lambert                          1  np
while                            1  cs
studying                         1  vbg
during                           1  in
smith                            1  np
college                          1  nn
aldo                             1  np
rostagno                         1  np
son                              1  nn
guglielmo                        1  np
rostagnos                        1  nps
whom                             1  wpo
europe                           1  np
kankakee                         1  np
telling                          1  vbg
engagement                       1  nn
graduate                         1  nn
hall's                           1  np$
stayed                           1  vbd
girl                             1  nn
fiance                           1  nn
publishing                       1  vbg
translates                       1  vbz
books                            1  nns
english                          1  np
business                         1  nn
farewell                         1  nn
planned                          1  vbd
sunday                           1  nr
consul                           1  nn-tl
general                          1  jj-tl
giacomo                          1  np
profili                          1  np
canceled                         1  vbn
illinois                         1  np-tl
masonic                          1  jj-tl
surgery                          1  nn
odell                            1  np
clinton                          1  np
king                             1  np
holabird                         1  np
norman                           1  np
boothby                          1  np
actress                          1  nn-tl
judge                            1  vb
costumes                         1  nns
grand                            1  jj
march                            1  nn
affaire                          1  np
towne                            1  nn-tl
bal                              1  np
masque                           1  np
germania                         1  np
raise                            1  vb
art                              1  nn-tl
center                           1  nn
plant                            1  vb
crabapple                        1  nn
trees                            1  nns
streets                          1  nns
columnist                        1  nn-tl
winchell                         1  np
well                             1  jj
rat-a-tat-tatty                  1  jj
wheeled                          1  vbd
between                          1  in
trains                           1  nns
yesterday                        1  nr
en                               1  fw-in
route                            1  fw-nn
phoenix                          1  np
ariz.                            1  np
rancho                           1  nn
portable                         1  jj
typewriter                       1  nn
hand                             1  nn
w.                               1  np
w.'s                             1  np+bez
retiring                         1  vbg
soon                             1  rb
hinted                           1  vbn
ain't                            1  bez*
talking                          1  vbg
yet                              1  rb
sunny                            1  np
ainsworth                        1  np
tommy                            1  np
manville                         1  np
bud                              1  np
arvey                            1  np
joined                           1  vbd
playboy-show-biz                 1  np-tl
illustrated                      1  vbn-tl
promotional                      1  jj
copy                             1  nn
writer                           1  nn
she's                            1  pps+bez
whiz                             1  nn
argument                         1  nn
fallout                          1  nn
shelters                         1  nns
drop                             1  nn
beer                             1  nn
stein                            1  nn
pubs                             1  nns
these                            1  dts
nights                           1  nns
everybody                        1  pn
different                        1  jj
ethics                           1  nns
morals                           1  nns
driving                          1  vbg
away                             1  rb
neighbors                        1  nns
comic                            1  nn
gary                             1  np
morton                           1  np
18                               1  cd
heart                            1  nn
lucille                          1  np
ball                             1  np
watch                            1  vb
headline                         1  nn
pair                             1  nn
any                              1  dti
another                          1  dt
scoop                            1  nn
russell                          1  np
singing                          1  vbg
appearances                      1  nns
jan.                             1  np
russell's                        1  np$
run                              1  nn
skylark                          1  nn-tl
week                             1  nn
sellout                          1  nn
same                             1  ap
r.                               1  np
something                        1  pn
cry                              1  vb
he's                             1  pps+hvz
warbling                         1  vbg
severe                           1  jj
pain                             1  nn
medico's                         1  nn$
injection                        1  nn
inflamed                         1  vbd
nerve                            1  nn
barely                           1  rb
walk                             1  vb
simonelli                        1  np
universal-international          1  jj-tl
film                             1  nn
studio                           1  nn
makes                            1  vbz
honest                           1  jj
column                           1  nn
bulletin'd                       1  vbd
way                              1  ql
wed                              1  vb
rosemary                         1  np
strafaci                         1  np
golf                             1  nn-tl
mag                              1  nn-tl
n.                               1  np
y.                               1  np
handsome                         1  jj
bachelor                         1  nn
favorite                         1  jj
date                             1  nn
hollywood's                      1  np$
gals                             1  nns
simon                            1  np
aiding                           1  vbg-tl
leukemia                         1  nn-tl
stricken                         1  vbn-tl
american                         1  jj-tl
filled                           1  vbd
low-down                         1  jj
phonies                          1  nns
using                            1  vbg
phones                           1  nns
solicit                          1  vb
funds                            1  nns
danny's                          1  np$
jude                             1  np-tl
memphis                          1  np
no                               1  rb
such                             1  jj
thing                            1  nn
emergency                        1  nn
telephone                        1  nn
building                         1  nn
current                          1  jj
staging                          1  vbg
big                              1  jj
25                               1  cd
entertain                        1  vb
thousands                        1  nns
underprivileged                  1  jj
contribs                         1  nns
post                             1  nn-tl
office                           1  nn-tl
box                              1  nn-tl
7599                             1  cd
anybody                          1  pn
solicits                         1  vbz
phone                            1  nn
sure                             1  jj
dough                            1  nn
above                            1  jj
olivia                           1  np
de                               1  np
havilland                        1  np
do                               1  do
broadway                         1  np
garson                           1  np
kanin                            1  np
gift                             1  nn-tl
she'll                           1  pps+md
move                             1  vb
gotham                           1  np
gorgeous                         1  jj
doris                            1  np
producer-hubby                   1  nn
marty                            1  np
melcher                          1  np
motor                            1  nn
tour                             1  nn
england                          1  np-tl
pop                              1  vb
u-i                              1  nn
chief                            1  nn-tl
milt                             1  np
rackmil                          1  np
carnegie                         1  np
toast                            1  vb
300                              1  cd
exhibitors                       1  nns
it'll                            1  pps+md
affair                           1  nn
screenings                       1  nns
doris'                           1  np$
lover                            1  nn-tl
flower                           1  nn-tl
drum                             1  nn-tl
whee                             1  uh
lovely                           1  jj
thrush                           1  nn
annamorena                       1  np
promising                        1  jj
biz                              1  nn
apply                            1  vb
touches                          1  nns
hubby                            1  nn
lenobel's                        1  np$
typical                          1  jj
touch                            1  nn
sold                             1  vbd
$10,000                          1  nns
morning                          1  nn
light                            1  jj
mink                             1  nn
sportsman                        1  nn-tl
freddie                          1  np
wacker                           1  np
frau                             1  nn
jana                             1  np
mason                            1  np
ex-singer                        1  nn
wackers'                         1  nps$
goodness                         1  nn
sake                             1  nn
emcee                            1  nn
herbert                          1  np
insists                          1  vbz
dick                             1  np
nixon's                          1  np$
campaign                         1  nn
slogan                           1  nn
governor                         1  nn
california                       1  np
knight                           1  np-tl
must                             1  md-tl
fall                             1  vb-tl
generously                       1  rb
buy                              1  vb
candy                            1  nn
brain                            1  nn-tl
worthiest                        1  jjt
charities                        1  nns
bet                              1  nn
darlin'                          1  jj
dazzler                          1  nn
paree                            1  np
genevieve                        1  np
empire                           1  nn-tl
dave                             1  np
trager                           1  np
showman                          1  nn
pro                              1  jj
basketball                       1  nn
packers                          1  nps
exclusive                        1  jj
use                              1  nn
ticket                           1  nn
holders                          1  nns
stock                            1  nn-tl
yards                            1  nns-tl
inn                              1  nn-tl
jump                             1  nn
packs                            1  nns-tl
louis                            1  np
opener                           1  nn
nobody's                         1  pn+hvz
mentioned                        1  vbn
ol'                              1  jj
casey                            1  np
stengel                          1  np
takes                            1  vbz
baseballight                     1  nn
ever                             1  rb
wear                             1  vb
uniform                          1  nn
area                             1  nn
past                             1  jj
yankees                          1  nps
dodgers                          1  nps
giants                           1  nns-tl
bernie                           1  np
kriss                            1  np
calls                            1  vbz
bayonet                          1  nn
clashes                          1  nns
berlin's                         1  np$
brandenburg                      1  np-tl
gate                             1  nn-tl
battle                           1  nn-tl
sentry                           1  nn-tl
jotted                           1  vbn
mad                              1  jj
dept.                            1  nn
khrush                           1  np
kremlin                          1  np
crowd                            1  nn
confident                        1  jj
right                            1  rb
contaminating                    1  vbg
earth's                          1  nn$
atmosphere                       1  nn
including                        1  in
mighty                           1  jj
megaton                          1  nn
bombs                            1  nns
peasants                         1  nns
don't                            1  do*
know                             1  vb
free                             1  jj
albert                           1  np
luthuli                          1  np
awarded                          1  vbn
nobel                            1  np
prize                            1  nn
south                            1  jj-tl
african                          1  np-tl
integration                      1  nn
struggles                        1  nns
permission                       1  nn
fly                              1  vb
collect                          1  vb
hmpf                             1  uh
frothier                         1  jjr
weissmuller                      1  np
real                             1  jj
telephoned                       1  vbd
muttered                         1  vbd
snapped                          1  vbd
actually                         1  rb
glib                             1  jj
garrulous                        1  jj
guy                              1  nn
sense                            1  nn
humor                            1  nn
everywhere                       1  rb
went                             1  vbd
sidled                           1  vbd
him                              1  ppo
guttural                         1  jj
bit                              1  nn
or                               1  cc
broke                            1  vbd
frightening                      1  vbg
yodel                            1  nn
roles                            1  nns
than                             1  in
anyone                           1  pn
dolce                            1  fw-jj-tl
vita                             1  fw-nn-tl
dynamite                         1  nn
flicker                          1  nn
opens                            1  vbz
popular                          1  jj
prices                           1  nns
loop                             1  nn-tl
2                                1  cd
my                               1  pp$
masterful                        1  jj
making                           1  nn
veeck's                          1  np$
health                           1  nn
dynamo                           1  nn
stage                            1  nn
medics                           1  nns
insist                           1  vb
rest                             1  vb
several                          1  ap
months                           1  nns
before                           1  cs
getting                          1  vbg
baseball                         1  nn
swim                             1  nn
keeps                            1  vbz
doings                           1  nns
daily                            1  rb
tribune                          1  nn-tl
tells                            1  vbz
never                            1  rb
misses                           1  vbz
ticker                           1  np
boy                              1  nn
jean                             1  np
fardulli's                       1  np$
blue                             1  jj-tl
angel                            1  nn-tl
local                            1  jj
import                           1  vb
crazy                            1  jj
twist                            1  nn-tl
they'll                          1  ppss+md
start                            1  vb
lessons                          1  nns
too                              1  rb
pronto                           1  rb
cheer                            1  nn
francis                          1  np
lorenz                           1  np
state                            1  nn
treasurer                        1  nn
probate                          1  nn
advisory                         1  nn
bar                              1  nn-tl
suggestions                      1  nns
how                              1  wrb
handle                           1  vb
safety                           1  nn
deposit                          1  nn
boxes                            1  nns
somebody                         1  pn
dies                             1  vbz
